THE DARK SIDE OF ZENNADON

The earth bleeds. Black water gushes from the mountains of madness. Filthy, stagnant water bursts from dark, deep internal cavities, like blood from a severed artery.

Abnormal, malformed, two-headed beasts, pure white, red-eyed, slimy animals of the night, they ride the flooding water. They skip across the galloping waves of putrid filth. They yelp excitedly like small babies. They scream through the sounds of the torrents of water that pound, down and down, from the deadly, nightmarish, craggy mountains of madness, for they know their journey is nearly complete.

Flooding over the ancient, gothic cemetery, graves are besieged and overrun by the web-footed, two-headed, red-eyed, demonic children of the grey, rugged, harsh-looking mountains that now loom far above.

The demonic horde delves and gives chase to tired, frightened spirits, who flee in terror from the beasts. Spirits are captured, attacked, and torn to pieces by the hungry, razor-sharp toothed, swimming animals. Some spirits are drowned. Others are tormented into madness and then hung high from the ancient trees, which stare upon this frightful scene.

The trees protest in unison for the spirits to be left alone, but the barbaric beasts just laugh and further insulting the trees by hanging the spirits higher from their branches like luminous banners, which flap and wave beneath the darkening, bloody skies; and so the trees now weep tears of sap, which slowly trickles down their rugged, outer skins and gathers in pools on their knotted roots.

Later now, as darkness reigns, fires can be seen burning across the rivers, which waters bubble. Banks of rising steam float gently upward, spread into and mix with the darkness to shroud far-flung lands and distant waters; and upon these banks, walk gloomy, downhearted spirits, weak and full of fright, lonely and silently searching for lost friends, who have been cast into oblivion by the demons of the mountains of madness, friends, who will forever wander on that arid land, which will always sleep, forever, on the black side of the fabled moon of Zennadon.

For this truly be hell.
