DEATHSWORD

A broad sword crafted in the age before time was given to the Angel of Death by its master to wreak destruction on those that were evil. It was unusually light and easy to wield by the bearer. Formed within the death of a star it was made from a metal so strong that it could not be broken. In the top of its handle was set a very large ruby almost as big as the clenched fist of the Angel. It glowed with a deep red with light emitting from its centre. Along the blade there were several diamonds set at intervals. The sword was an exact replica of the sword of Orion in the heavens. The diamonds in the blade mirrored the stars below the belt of Orion and the ruby was set in the place of the King of all stars.

The sword was a key to immortality. It had cleaved the unrighteous sending them to eternal torment, yet to those who were worthy it could indicate the path to eternal life, the very gateway to heaven. The bearer of the sword would become a god amongst men.

When the Angel willed it so the sword burst into flames of gold and red, the tongues of fire would lick its hand becoming one with its outstretched arm. The Angel could focus the flames into a beam of intense light that plummeted into the ground with mighty thunder renting the earth causing molten rock to spew forth like the very earth was bleeding. Yet the flames could also be used for good, knitting broken flesh back together and restoring life to those who had previously expired. If the bearer needed to,  the sword could be plunged into the ground and he could look through the ruby at the stars high above, the gateway to a different dimension could be summoned. The Angel would then command a whirlwind which would take it through the portal created by the sword. This was a gateway into the world of the supernatural, of magical beasts where the seemingly impossible could happen. Without the sword, only a skilled magus could enable the film between this world and the magical realm to be breached enabling him or her to change the outcome in their favour. The Angel however could do this at will using its sword. As such it sought out those who used magic to change situations for their own purpose, the Angel of Death saw them as an abomination. However, this was before the Angel was rent into two pieces and incarcerated within two mystical prisons, cursed by the Magi to exist as essence without flesh or form, destroyed by its own sword. 

Yet the Angel knew something the Magi did not, it knew the healing power of the sword could restore it to its former glory. Oh how it longed for the sword, it cried out upon the winds, the rain, and the fire of the earth. Summoning the sword to come. Yet it knew the sword could not come of its own volition. It had been possessed by another and placed in the magical realm far away from the Angel's cries. Yet occasionally the Angel knew the sword had been brought into the world again, it felt the sword's power surge and it knew the sword had been used for some foul purpose. However, all too quickly the sword was returned to the magical realm far away from its reach. But on these brief occasions the Angel was active. Over the many years since its separation, it had managed to pinpoint the approximate location of the sword. It now just needed a means to obtain the sword and be released from its magical prisons so it could once again be made whole.


