DEMIGOG

A large, puffy worm, as pure white as freshly fallen snow, lives deep beneath the many graves of Gomara, where it feasts upon the rotting corpses of the dead. Deep down, cloaked by darkness, the ancient worm will never grow hungry. Slipping and sliding, gliding powerfully, it searches for the delicacy of the lost, desperate soul howling somewhere far below, in amongst the shadowy catacombs of the graveyard of Gomara. Now dead, but still suffering deeply, the soul of a small, lonely child weeps and howls for the return of life or for the soft, warm love of a parent, but unfortunately, neither of these will be found for the bloated, blubbery, great white worm has this soul's scent engraved deeply within its brilliant mind. The taste of a fresh soul to the white, soul-hunting worm is unsurpassable.

Hours later, beneath the old, broken-down church, lying in the bowels of Gomara, the great white worm is full and content. Coiled at the feet of its dark master, the worm dreams, and the dark one feeds off these dreams, which are laced with fear, pain, and loneliness--fine sustenance, for the dark god of Gomara, fine indeed.

In the milky moonlight, moving stealthily amidst the stripped, skeletal trees, hordes of fiery demons lurk. Glowing, like orange-red wisps of fire, they search for the one who has been reborn, for the one who has lived amongst them like one of them for many a year. The one of great disguise. The one named the head hunting beast by many a foe. The one who is silence. The one who is as dark as the deepest night. The one, who is death itself, must be hunted down, slain, laid low as an impostor, a cheat, a fraud.

The one named Demigog must drown in a river of his own blood.

Alone that night, Demigog prays to his new gods, the gods who tamed his wicked side during one of his deepest dreams and then returneth him changed in mind and body. In this deep, coma-like dream, he had squinted through the brightest of lights and saw things that filled his heart with exultation, lifted his spirits high, so that he could fly with the ravens of the night and visit the many temples that lie to the south far away and which are sacred to all.

It is said, in these temples, many a great, fearsome beast has been laid to rest by the icy stare of one of the ancient temples' fair guardians, and it was these same fair guardians who have now tamed the great, once merciless one, who is now as harmless as the sacrificial lamb.

But of all this, he knows. He also knows his one-time friends, the evil others, will never understand. They cannot and will not ever believe the story of his dream--so now he prays with all of his might, he seeks the help of the dream guardians to slay his once friends, now enemies, just by the stare of his own crimson eyes--the miraculous stare is what he seeks.

But nowhere amongst his prayers can this miracle be retrieved. The only place it can ever be found again is within Demigog's deep, dream world, which lies buried within his subconscious. So now he must sleep, and he will talk, and reason, with the guardians, and he will, he must, return with the secret of the stare.

Or, without any doubt, he will be slaughtered.


