EARTHLAND

Staggering through the darkness with fireflies buzzing around my head, pearl-like tears moisten my eyes and devils incessantly shriek and scream into my aching ears. To my back clings something invisible, a huge weight, getting heavier and heavier, wearing me down, and grinding me into the ground, wanting to pulverise my bones into chalky dust and then into nothingness. A dark demon, I know its a dark demon hammering with all its might on my spine, pummelling me, setting my blood alight, and pumping its disease of fire into my veins, making me beg for forgiveness.

Growing still heavier and heavier, I grope and stretch desperately to remove my burden, but still I touch nothing, and curiously, instead of being frightened away by my loud wails, small animals, in hordes, gather, and they stare with wide eyes as if hypnotised by my desperation.

I stagger like a drunken man, my legs now cracking like brittle sticks beneath me, and the heat from my back has travelled to my head. Bursting from my scalp, my hair pushes into my screaming mouth, smothers me, makes me gag; and then to my horror, it slashes and cuts at my face like a phalanx of tiny razor blades.

I fumble and fight with this new nightmare, but to no avail, for now my monstrous hair winds itself around my neck like a killer serpent tightening and tightening its grip. I tear chunks and lumps of hair from my burning scalp, but there is too much of it, and finally, happily, I pass out.

When I awake, I am slumped on the back of a muscular, dark stallion, which hurtles across the fiery skies. On and on we travel and I really don't have a care where we are going. We pass over bloody battlefields covered with dead brothers and fathers; and this makes me weep; and then quickly we are away again. Passing by an exploding spaceship, again I weep; and here we pass over starving, screaming children, who weep at their mothers' breasts; and here we pass aircrafts crashing into two, massive twin towers, and yet again sorrow gushes over me.

This horror trip goes on and on, chapter after chapter, until eventually we enter the final chapter, which is shrouded in darkness. And here, and here - I can hardly bear to tell you this - in the end, there is absolute nothingness, just piles upon piles of broken human bones as far as the eye can see. And after dismounting my dark, beautiful stallion and bidding it farewell, I just sit amongst the bones of my ancestors, and I weep again, until I can weep no more.
