FREJA: 1. THE JOURNEY

Princess Freyja despised her father.  She hated his arrogance and self-righteousness.  She hated his narrow minded views regarding the way a Princess should behave.  Unfortunately, as far as Freyja was concerned she was never going to change her ways, certainly not to suit his whims and stupid ideologies. 
      
Princess Freyja would best be described as being tom-boyish to the enth degree.  She liked to climb trees, she liked to fight and drink with the men of the realm. Basically, she enjoyed all that your ordinary male of the empire of Shalia would enjoy. With shoulder length brown hair and sharp features and a distinctly muscular build she could easily be misidentified as one of the regular fighting soldiers of the King's realm. Even the clothes she wore were not that of a Princess but that of a Prince.

Anyway, she thought to herself it will not be too long now until at last I can escape from this retched Kingdom and set forth on the amazing adventure of which I have been promised. 

Sick of being stifled in the role of Princess she had secretly called forth many of the Kingdoms' finest sorcerers to help on her quest for freedom and adventure, and fortunately for Freyja they had been all too willing to help. Within days they had informed her that on their spiritual journeys they had gathered much information regarding the future of the Princess. 

She was told that a great adventure including that of everlasting wealth and the love of a great Prince lay before her. But firstly she would have to travel to a place known as the 'otherworld' where eventually she would find the gates that would lead her to the Prince's realm in a place called the underworld. This journey she was warned would be a mighty challenge in itself which could possibly spell her very demise.  

The sorcerers advised her that this was the only route and that it truly was a dangerous route to take but the only option. This filled the Princess with a trembling fear but also with that of a spine tingling excitement which soon overwhelmed and battered into submission her initial fearful feelings.

She had dreamt of this Prince many times, and she had fallen deeply in love with the idea of him, regardless of never even meeting him in the flesh.  She knew he existed and if it took risking her life to attain him and his everlasting wealth then she would take the risk.

The sorcerers had briefed her on the ritual which would assist her on her journey and she was now ready and waiting for the first soft beat of the drum which she hoped with all her heart would signify her first steps to love and freedom. And sure enough as the sorcerer's had advised as the beat progressed she slowly felt herself spiritually slipping out of her body.  She felt herself floating like a feather around the room, delicately, hither and thither as if drifting on the very beat and reverberations of the drum which filled her senses to the brim.  

Below her she could see her prone body and the serious grey faces of the three sorcerers that surrounded her but this meant nothing to her as she swiftly swept up and up through the Castle itself. Floor after floor she passed through and her overall awareness was now acute, her sight impeccable as she picked out the minute detail around her absorbing it all into her spirit body, she had never felt so alive. 

Up and up, travelling now at the speed of light she floated rapidly away from the castle towards the crimson skies that to her appeared pregnant with blood.

Whooping with delight she spotted a small glimmering apricot coloured gash in the belly of the crimson clouds, this must be the path she thought to herself as she headed toward the gap that lay before her.  As she entered it opened up, a tunnel of light that swirled around and round, up and down until at last she gently alighted into a lush, green forest she believed the sorcerer's had named, the 'otherworld'.  

The sorcerer had advised her at this point to look for the access points to the other realms in which she could begin to look for clues that would help her find the 'glorious gates' and then penetrate them to hopefully locate the Prince of her dreams in the underworld.

So with a mixture of fear and astonishment Princess Frejya started to explore this beautiful but strange ‘otherworld'.

All around her lay dark branches which she felt in an odd way were reaching out for her with gnarled fingers, grasping greedily at her flesh. These were nothing like the forests of Shalia and the sorcerers had indeed warned her that she would come across such strange phenomenon in these new worlds. 

After several minutes of battling through branches and thick undergrowth she came to a clearing, in the centre of which lay a small pond of glimmering water.  The water gently reflected the apricot sky from which Freyja some time ago descended.  

She stared down into the water and felt a strange pulling feeling, the sorcerers had told her to follow her feelings as these would help guide her to attain the keys of her journey between worlds, so she bent forwards towards the water, resisting the temptation to flee from this new peculiar sensation.   

Slowly she lowered her head into the water and it was warm around her face.  Strangely she felt the urge to let the water begin to gush into her open mouth, she felt no need to close it, so she just let the water rush in. She felt the water pouring down her throat and into her belly filling her full with its warmth. It was a glorious feeling of heat that flooded into her. 

After several moments her mouth closed involuntarily, and she fell backwards, gently onto a soft bed of moss which surrounded the pond. Staring up at the apricot skies she felt immobilised, her mind in a drug-like state she felt only pleasure.  

Incapacitated by the strange potency of the water she had consumed, her eyes slowly and blearily, fixed upon a legion of small black spots which were in the very centre of the apricot sky. Black spots which seemed to grow bigger by the second until they spanned across the entire breadth of the sky. Lines and lines hurtling towards her vulnerable body.

Closer and closer they came, bringing huge gusts of wind and debris with them.  Their bodies once in view were that of an elongated shape, each one being a dark shade of green. They possessed feathered wings on either side of their snake like bodies, which enabled them to be rapidly propelled forward. Their faces were rounded, bloated, and a bright shade of red, and in the centre of each of these grotesque faces, just above their lolling, drooling tongues, lay sharp, protruding, spiky appendages. 
   
At the sight of this terrifying siege, Freyja's body began to buck and writhe on the ground, as if possessed she began to froth at the mouth and deep guttural words then  emanated from somewhere deep inside her, not her own words, but those of another spoke forth. "Breathe child, breathe, breathe upon the beasts before thee, let the great dragon within thee breathe forth"; with these commands resonating within her she let out a huge gasp and the warm water that previously lay within her belly, burst out of her in streams of flame directly at the descending beasts. The beasts quickly attempted to avoid the flames desperate to impale their prey but with little success, as the flames formed a wall of fire around Freyja's entire body, protecting her from the thrusting, spikey appendages. One by one the beasts burst into flames, howling and squealing in agony as they were consumed in fire. Their dying bodies now littered the forest which surrounded Freyja's spirit-body, the trees themselves beginning to catch fire from the conflagration of the beasts. Some of them had their wings burnt from them but successfully slithered off into holes which they had frantically dug with their appendages, burying themselves from sight. The remaining few took flight shrieking and screaming to get away from the scene of carnage and back into the safety of the apricot sky.   


