PERTHIA

Dark, sky-piercing towers reach for the heavens high. Clouds, black with rain, roil the still air. Milky moonlight peeks through, washes over the monstrous scene. The wind this night whispers of brave knights, who fight menacing, bloodthirsty eaters of human flesh on far-flung foreign lands.

Crusaders, killers of the beasts of Dagon, these gallant, lionhearted, super-beings ride on the tumultuous, sea-like night skies. Many a glowing apparition they cut down with gleaming swords, for they fear no one and nothing. Swiftly they ride on strong sky-horses, whose manes of fire flap like flags in the desperate breaths of a dying, now insane, corrupted land. A land once of a virgin innocence, now defiled and bloodied. A land now wishing and waiting for its ultimate demise. A land that now weeps rivers of bloody tears.

Far below these courageous knights live Hags, who howl at the skies, spewing fountains of ice at these great warriors in hopes of turning them into frigid, gleaming statues, which they can then mock and smash into nothingness with their rotting fists, for they constantly pray for the knights' deaths and the death of this stinking, exhausted, ugly planet that lies beneath their decaying feet.

At night, while they wallow in aqua pools of gummy-like mucus cocoons, they fantasise of their dark leader, and they wish and wish to lie beside him, where they can suck like hungry babies at his inky, trickling source of power, which leaks from his suppurating wounds. And in the morning, they are stronger, more victorious thanks to their dark lord's gift.

But woe the Angels on this land named Perthia, the angels whose only protectors are the gallant knights for whom the unholy hags seek to remove for all eternity. But woe the angels, the angels will now live a life of ultimate fear.

For this is what many a wise, ancient hag has spoken of - they would find their nirvana, a fresh gorgeous land, where they will grow and rear their young, weaning them on the collected, sticky blood of innocent angels. Always, of course, beneath the caring eyes of their dark King.
