     The crush was insufferable on the subway and the June heat made it worse.  I cursed my commute,  as usual, and hung onto my strap.  People aren’t people on subways.  They are just sticks with eyes that never meet each other’s in the bulging over-stuffed cars.
      My stop.  The doors popped open and people squirted out and down the tunnel system to the streets and on about their own pursuits.  My pursuit was to walk six blocks to the zoo where the elephants were already stamping and shuffling up the dust of their pen looking for hay.
     I liked the elephants and I guess they like me—or maybe not.  Maybe they only like the hay I feed them and recognize me in those terms.  I have yet to hear any of them attempt to call my name or grin when they see me like I have seen with others. . .
     Now don’t stop reading!  I know that sounded nuts but I don’t think I am nuts.  Just hear me out. then you can decide.
     There was this elephant named Mabel.  She was evil tempered as hell and the older she got the meaner she got until we had to put her in a pen away from the others.  Nobody paid much attention to her really.  Just the usual short stand and quick look and then on to something more interesting that elephants, but one day I saw this old woman standing there.  I didn’t think much of it at first, but when I looked again she was still standing there.  She was just an old woman, like a bag lady; nothing very odd about her.  She looked a little more weathered than some, and kind of gray and dirty looking like a lot of skid row bag ladies. There are several street people that hang around the zoo sometimes and some of them get a particular bee in their bonnets about certain animals and they take to visiting for long periods.  Not so strange.
     And then the old woman had come every day for a week and stayed for up to an hour every time.  That made me curious.   But when she showed up every day of the next week I got even curiouser.  I got closer to check her out.
     She was sitting just inside the guard rail, which was really a no-no but there didn’t seem to be any one around to object so I didn’t say anything.  She was eyeball to eyeball with Mable and it made some strange picture.  The two old ladies of different species seemed to really be communicating.  Mabel was doing her slow ponderous dance swinging her trunk side to side and the old woman seemed to be caught up in the rhythm of it like a snake to a snake charmers flute, but on second look I wasn’t sure who was the charmer and who was the charmee.  The old woman was moving her lips and saying something that I could hear.  Their concentration was so deep I had almost walked all the way up to them before elephant or old lady noticed me.  She stopped her whispering abruptly and looked sort of shamefaced.
     “Hiya Mister,” she said chirpy as a mocking bird.  “Nice elephant ya got here.  Real nice.  She yours?”
     “Well not exactly.  She belongs to the Bronx Zoo.  I just feed her and clean her pen.  Her and the rest of them.”
     “Then you must be Angie.  Mabel was telling me about you --“
       Yep she was nuts all right.  Just another crazy bag lady --
     “I saw you talking to her,” I said.  I didn’t wonder until much later how she knew my name was Angie.  I just thought she had read it off my uniform shirt.  But the shirt I was wearing that day was brand new and Delores my wife hadn’t yet sewed on the name tag.
“Mabel  must like you,” I continued.  “She doesn’t usually stand still too long.  She mostly ain’t the sociable type.  She’s cantankerous.  Getting old.”
     “We all do sooner or later,” the bag lady grinned.  She had good teeth which surprised me.  “My name’s Ethel,” she said sticking out her hand.  “I’m glad to meet you Angie.  Mabel speaks highly of you.”
She said it with such smooth lucidity that I could almost believe she had talked to Mabel and Mabel had talked back.
“Well, no matter what Mabel thinks I gotta get to work.  If the pens aren’t cleaned the boss gets upset.”
     “Yeah, I gotta go too,” Ethel said.  “I’m not like Mabel here,” She hooked a thumb toward the elephant.  I don’t get fed just by standin’ around.”  She reached through the bars and patted Mabel’s trunk. . . .
     And that is when I saw an elephant grin for the first time in my life.  I swear to you!  I am not lying!  That elephant grinned at that old lady and I don’t care if you beat me with rubber hoses under bright lights.  Maple lifted up her trunk and wiggled her lower jaw and I just knew she was grinning at us.  And then it was gone and Mabel was back to shuffling and blowing up dust like she should have been.  I just stood there with my mouth open for a couple of minutes while Mabel went back to the shade of her barn and Ethel got her brown bags full of god-knows-what together and took off.

Ethel came everyday to talk to Mabel and me.  I’m not sure how she got along or where she lived, but in the months that followed she came every day unless it was snowing real hard or cold enough to freeze the milk of human kindness.  She managed to get there more than not.  I wondered how she survived.
    I told Delores about her and she took to ribbing me about my girl friend Ethel.  I told my kids about her and about how Mabel had grinned at her and they gave me some pretty strange looks and a couple of “Sure Dad’s” so I didn’t try to convince them anymore.

     One day in the fall I was coming out of the subway and there was Ethel right in front of me.  She didn’t notice me and kept moving clutching the handles of her brown paper bags.  She came to the corner and started waiting for the light to change and when it did she dashed out, hurrying to beat the little walk /don’t walk signs.  She would have made it too except that half way across one of the handles of the bag in her right hand broke.  It fell to the pavement  and crushed aluminum cans and glass pop bottles went every which way.  She lives by collecting bottles and cans and selling them to the recycler I thought.
     Ethel put down the other bag and began picking up the stuff that had spilled.  She threw the stuff into a basket made of the upturned tail of her dress.  She had gotten most of it when I reached her and helped her grab the last couple of cans.  The cars didn’t notice.  They just kept whooshing by.  A couple of idiots got on their horns as we were finishing and getting over to the curb.
     “Dog gone bags, “Ethel said in disgust.  She was looking down at the heap of junk on the sidewalk.  “Gonna have to get me another one somewhere.”
     “Cloth bags would be better I think. “
     “Yeah but people don’t throw those away --“
     “Hey -- I got an idea.  How about Canvas bags?”
     Ethel smiled tolerantly.  “People don’t throw them away either Angie.”
     “No I got some and you can have them.  If you’ll just wait right here for a minute, I’ll be right back --“  I started to walk away.
     “You don’t have to do that Angie.  I’m all right,”
     “Just wait right there.  I just live in that building over there.  I’ll be right back. Won’t take a minute.”  I took off at a lope before she could protest any more.

     I started hollering “Delores.  Delores,”  when I hit the door.  “Where are those canvas bags you take shopping?”
     “In the hall closet,” she called back from the kitchen.  “Whatdaya want with them?”
     “I’m gonna give ‘em to Ethel,”  I answered finding them and heading for the door.
     “Hey those are the only shopping bags I got,” Delores cried coming out of the kitchen.
     “So I’ll buy ya some new ones, now move.  Ethel is waiting.”  I shoved on past her and ran down the stairs.
     Ethel was still standing where I had left her the picture of patience.  I handed her the bags saying, “Here yar.  Won’t bust in a hundred years.”
     She took the bags from me and for a minute I thought she was going to cry, but the urge must have passed and she grinned instead.  “Thanks Angie.  Thanks a lot.  Mabel is right to speak well of you.  You’re a fine man.”
     My face got hot and I managed to say “Nothing to it Ethel.  I’ll see ya tomorrow.”
     When I got to the stoop of my building I looked back.  Ethel was loading up the bags.  She didn’t see me when I waved before I went in.

    Winter came on and Ethel visited Mabel as regular as ever snow not-with-standing.  On a bitter cold day before Christmas I stopped to talk for a little while and asked her how the bags were holding up.
     “Bags are fine Angie.  You don’t know how much I appreciate “em.”  She sniffled and drew her wrist across her nose.
     “What’s the matter Ethel, you sick?”
     “Got a little cold.  Most always do this time of year.”  She chuckled.  “This bad weather gets to me.  Makes all my aches ache.  Must be getting old.”
     I just nodded.
     “Mabel says the same thing,” she continued.  “We’re two of a kind.  Just getting’ old.”  But being old didn’t seem to bother Ethel much, and everybody gripes about the lousy weather, so I didn’t think much more about it.
     Ethel continued to come around the Zoo for several more days and, though she didn’t say anything, it was apparent that her cold was much worse.  I asked her a few times how she was and she always said she was all right so I didn’t pry.  Then she didn’t come for a week straight.  I began to worry about her and think maybe I should have done a little more prying that I had.  I didn’t even know where she lived!  and it felt to me as though she might be in need of some help, but I didn’t know how to get to her.  I cursed myself harder every day she didn’t show up to talk to Mabel.

     Three weeks went by and still no Ethel.  Mabel was back to being her cantankerous self and I had to be careful when feeding and cleaning her pen so that she didn’t work some mischief on me.  The mischief of a six and half ton elephant can be dangerous.  She could pick up a full grown man and break him in small pieces by dashing him against the ground.  Mostly Mabel would go and stand by the bars where she and Ethel were accustomed to talk and wait, but as the minutes passed and Ethel didn’t show up she would get more and more restless until finally she’d stamp around and come back into the barn out of the cold.
     A month and three days after Ethel’s last visit I let my mind wander while working in Mabel’s pen.  I must have left the barn unlocked when I went in to clean and I must have jumped a foot straight in the air when Mabel touched me on the back with her trunk.  I whipped around and found myself not two feet from here, and I started to sweat.  She could have crushed me like a bug but she just stood there huge and quiet, then lifted her trunk a little and shook her head.  She snorted a couple of times and stood still as though waiting for something from me.
     I didn’t understand so I just stood there with my mouth half open and the fear sweat beading on my forehead and upper lip.
     Mabel snorted again and waited but I still didn’t understand so she snorted again and, so help me God, I understood her.  She snorted the word Ethel.  Granted, it could have been just a snort and because I had been worrying about Ethel for days it might have just sounded like “Ethel”  but I would swear in a court of law or before God himself that she said “Ethel”.
     She snorted again two or three times and finally I relaxed enough to reach up and pat her between the eyes.  “I don’t know girl,” I said to her.  “I’m worried about her too, but I don’t know what else to do about it.”
     Mabel looked at me for a few more moments then turned and shuffled out of the barn.  She went to stand by the bars where she and Ethel used to talk.

     Mabel began acting more strange after that.  She lost much of her cantankerousness, but she also seemed to lose her will to live.  She quit eating and quit dusting herself and finally she quit coming out of the barn at all.  It became a major task to get her barn clean because she would hardly move out of it.
     Two months after Ethel’s last visit I went in to clean Mabel’s barn and found her lying on her side breathing heavily.  An elephant spends its life standing and when it lays down there is something very wrong.
     The Vet came but he said there was nothing he could do really.  He gave her a massive dose of antibiotics, but they didn’t seem to help.  We tried to get her to stand up so that her lungs could clear properly but she thrashed around so much that we couldn’t get the block and tackle placed to assist her in standing.  Three days after I had found her lying down Mabel died.  The Vet called it old age and respiratory failure, but I knew it was more a broken heart.  Mabel had become attached to Ethel and when Ethel deserted her she just didn't want to live anymore.

     Spring came.  It was still cold but bearable and we even got some sun and some warm rain.  I almost forgot about Ethel and Mabel.  I still thought about them once in a while but not too often.  We got another elephant, a young one, and she took to the herd in a moment so the isolation pen where we had kept Mabel wasn’t used any more.
    One day in April I was walking past the isolation pen on my way home and there was Ethel standing where she and Mabel used to talk.  She didn’t look changed at all and she still had the canvas bags I had given her.
     “Hi Angie,” she said, sounding her usual chipper self.  “I came back to see Mabel but she’s not here.  Guess the story in the paper was about her, huh?  They didn’t give a name.”
     “Yeah Ethel, it was.  Couple of months after you stopped coming she took sick.”  I hope I didn’t sound accusatory but a little hint of it might have crept in.  I missed Mabel.
     Ethel shook her head and looked sad.  “Too bad.  Too bad.  I’m real sorry.  I really liked Mabel.  I tried to get out to come and see her but the nurses watched me like a hawk.  They just let me out day before yesterday,”
     “You in the hospital?”  I promise I didn’t think Bell View.
     “Yeah.  That cold I had turned into pneumonia.  Guess I almost died.”
     “I didn’t know where you were and didn’t know how to go about finding out.”
     “It’s all right Angie.  Too bad about Mabel though.  I really liked talking to her,” she said looking at the closed barn.
     “She asked after you Ethel, but I didn’t know what to tell her. . .”
     Ethel looked sharply at me to see if I was mocking her, then grinned when she saw I wasn’t.  “You’re as crazy as I am, thinking you could talk to an elephant and have her talk back.
     “Yeah Ethel, I guess I am.  I guess I am.”

THE END


























