
        Seventeen Williams wasn’t a native of Big Spring so he was viewed with suspicion most of the time.  And he had a funny name.  Who gives a child a number instead of a name?  But Seventeen insisted that he was named Seventeen because he was the last of seventeen children and his mother had not known what else to call him.
        No matter what the truth was there was a kind of an aura about the man.  He was tall and skinny to the point of emaciation with hands and feet that seemed too big for the rest of him, and his eyes were coal black and anyone who dared to look into those eyes for too long could swear they had seen fires burning down deep in them, so most people didn’t look at him much, and definitely not right in the eyes.
Then there was the crow that often sat on his shoulder.  Most everyone had seen him talking to the bird one time and another and some swore they had heard the crow talking back to him.  Of course that was probably just a story, but what wasn’t a story was Seventeen’s phenomenal luck with the dice.
Max Tilden’s general store had been a sort of dice players refuge for a long time, but when Seventeen showed up the place grew from a refuge to magnet.  Anyone with money and a taste for chance in the whole county began showing up at Tilden’s and some nights the back room was so jammed with men there was hardly room to kneel around the blanket where the dice rolled.
There were always winners and losers but the most consistent winner was Seventeen Williams, and the most consistent loser was Cull Potter, and it rankled him.

        “I’m gonna beat that Seventeen!”  Cull Potter said one day.  “Yes Sir!  I’m gonna!”  Cull’s brag was empty.  No one ever beat Seventeen Williams at dice, at least not for long. “I’m gonna bust his luck once and fer all!”
        “And how you gonna do that, Cull?”  Jake Ellis asked, barely covering his contempt for Potter.  He and some others sat with their feet up on the porch rail of Tilden’s General Store.  “Seventeen’s luck can’t be broke.  Could maybe take an ax to Seventeen hisself—Naw.  Wouldn’t work neither.  Ax’d probably slide off.”
        All the men laughed except Potter.  His face crimsoned at the taunting.  “I’ll beat him.  Just you wait.”
        “Shore ya will, Cull.  You always do like you say you’re gonna, don’t cha?”   Ellis goaded.  The others laughed even more. Potter was famous for being all brag and no do.
        Cull turned from the three on the porch and stomped into the store.  Max Tilden had only half heard what had gone on outside, but he could see from Cull’s expression that the boys had called his bluff again.  “Afternoon Cull,” he said, rolling the strong black cigar from one side of his mouth to the other.  “Right warm ain’t it?”  He brushed the beads of sweat from his bald head as if to emphasize the truth of his words.
        “Warm enough,” Cull snapped and fell silent for a moment.  Suddenly he said, “Max, do you think Seventeen’s dice is loaded or somethin’?”
        Max was somewhat surprised by the question and he thought a bit before answering.  “Naw, I’d say not.  If they are he done it hisself.  I sold him them dice to begin with and they was good clean stock.  I don’t think he could load ‘em without it showing.  ‘Sides, if they was loaded they’d work for anybody.  Only one ever wins much with ‘em is Seventeen.”
        “I reckon.  Still, it don’t seem right, him being the only one wins when we shoot craps,” Potter said, not quite whining.
        “He ain’t the only one wins.  Ed and me and Jake and Theo—all of us wins some.  Even you.”
        “Some!”  Potter said testily.  “But who walks out a winner alla time?  Whose pockets is lined with the most of the money that floats in and out of your back room?  I ask ya?”
        Max chuckled.  “Yeah, I gotta say, mostly yer right.”
        Cull leaned on the counter for a while, deep in thought.  “Max, is my credit good?” he asked.
        Max took the cigar out of his mouth and looked at the chewed end as though it had suddenly begun to taste nasty. “You all that short of cash, Cull?”
        “Not exactly, but I ain’t got the cash for what I want right now.”
        Max shoved his cigar back into his mouth and rolled it around, eyeing Potter.  Cull paid his bills, but often long past the time they should have been paid.  “All right, I reckon.” He said at last, as though it hurt him to say it.
        “Gimme a twenty pound sack o’ flour, five pound o’ sugar, and five of dry pinto beans,” Cull said, grinning.
        Max looked him over for a moment then shrugged and complied.
        The list went on for several minutes:  Canned peaches and pineapple; dried apricots; the end of a bolt of calico cloth; three spools of thread; five feet of thong leather; three twists of the best chewing tobacco in the store.
        If Max had mistrusted Potter before it was nothing compared to the mistrust he felt now.  “What in hell are you gonna do, Cull?  Leave the country?”  Tilden wasn’t opposed to free spending, but when it was on his cuff the story was different.
        “I’m fixin’ to beat Seventeen.  That’s what I’m gonna do.  Them dice of his may be square, but square or not, I’m gonna get his money this time ‘stead of the other way round.  Now, le’me see here—” Cull passed his eyes over the goods stacked on the counter.  He shoved his hair back out of his face and said, “that oughta do ‘er, Max—‘sept one thing.” He grinned his snaggle-toothed grin and his lap of sandy hair fell back in his eyes.
        Tilden knew what else Potter wanted and grimaced at the thought.  “How much do ya want?”  He asked.
        “Two jugs.”  Cull said, still grinning.
        Tilden winced and slowly got the jugs.  “Cull, I don’t hafta tell ya to be careful where you show them jugs around.  Royce would nail me to this counter if some long nose revenue agent was ta bust up his still.”
        “Don’t worry about it,” Cull winked and picked up the jugs, shaking them to see that they were full, which annoyed Tilden.  “I’ll bring my pick-up ‘round back and we can load this stuff.”

        The sun was all the way down when Cull Potter knocked on the ramshackle door of Seventeen Williams’ shanty.  A noise that sounded like rattling bones came from above and Cull looked up to see the silhouette of Seventeen’s pet sitting on the point of the roof. There was barely enough light to see the rough gray wood of the door so the bird was merely a black shadow against the darkening blue of evening.
        Seventeen came to the door and a grin split his bony face when he saw that Cull was holding a jug of Royce’s best Moon in front of him.  “Glad to see ya, Cull,” he said, stepping back from the doorway and motioning Potter in.  “What brings you here?”
        “Just thought how I’d like to share a nip with a friend, and you come right to my mind.”  Potter grinned a weasley grin.
        Potter placed the jug in the center of the table and sat down without being asked.
Seventeen looked at him for a moment then went and lit a coal-oil lamp.  Its light was too yellow for comfort and it barely pushed the shadows out of the shack.
        “Kind of ya.” Seventeen said sitting down across from Potter and looking at the jug.   “I figured after Saturday you’d not even be talkin’ to me.”
        Potter looked shame-faced.  “Reckon I was a little hot then, but—what the hell.  Ain’t nothin’ but money.  I’ll get it back maybe.”  Cull hoped Seventeen didn’t see the gleam in his eyes or the grin that tried to come to his face.
        Seventeen blinked several times.  He hadn’t moved to drink from the jug that sat on the table before him.  “Now then,” he asked suspiciously.  “What do ya really want, Cull?”
        “Nothin’, Seventeen.  Nothin’.  Just to tip a little moon with ya.  Go ‘head.  Have some.”  Potter uncorked the jug and, seeing that the other was still hesitant, he lifted it to his mouth and swigged mightily from it.  He set the jug down with a thump and wiped his mouth with the back of his hand.  “Right fine moon,” he said with the slightest burr in his voice.
        Seventeen’s heavy lidded eyes glittered as they glance from Potter to the jug.  His big hands twitched in his lap and rose to the table and to the handle of the jug.  He lifted it, sniffed the mouth then took a small sip.  After a moment he took a proper pull at the jug before placing it back on the table.  “‘Tis good squeeze,” he agreed but then said, “Now then, what did ya really come here for?”
        “You just ain’t gonna believe I got no other reason to be here, huh?”
        “You don’t never go ‘round no where's unless you want something, so what is it ya want.”
        Potter tried to look offended but failed.  He lifted the jug and took another small sip and then said, “Well—I’ll tell ya.  I figured maybe if I drink outen the same jug as you, and spend some time around ya, maybe some of your luck’ll rub off on me.  That’s the real reason,” he hesitated then hurried to say, “and to ask ya if I could carry yer dice for a while.”  He quickly brought the jug up and sipped.
        Seventeen looked sharply at him across the gloom then picked the jug up from the table and swigged.  “Get some of my luck huh?”
        Cull sighed and said, “Yep.  I figure you got more’n any man I ever seen.  More’n enough for you and me both.”
        Seventeen laughed slow and deep.  The sound sent a prickly chill up Potters back.  “I ain’t got no special luck, Potter.  I just tell the dice what to do, and they does it.”
        Potter shrugged.  “Well then it won’t matter whether I carry ‘em or not.  Won’t hurt you and might help me.  So how ‘bout it?”
        Seventeen grunted and shook his head.  “One man’s good luck is another’s bad sometimes.”
        “Sometimes.”
        “Might be bad luck for you.”
        Potter shrugged.  “Don’t reckon it could be a lot worse.”
        “You determined to carry ‘em, huh?”
        “If you’re willing.”   Cull said.  He stopped talking and tilted the moonshine to his mouth, watching Seventeen over the shoulder of the jug.  After a moment he said, “Well?  Can I carry ‘em?  I’ll leave the jug all fer you if ya let me.”
        Seventeen raked his hand over his black bristled chin, considering.  “All right.  I don’t think it gonna do you any good, but if ya want all right.  But don’t be telling it around that I done this for ya or everybody’ll be wanting me to do it.  And you make sure that I get ‘em back before Saturday night so’s nobody sees ya give ‘em back.”
        “Sure, sure, Seventeen.  I’ll sure do that.  I’ll bring ‘em back to ya Saturday afternoon or maybe before.”  Cull tried to be ingratiating and kept his eyes lowered somewhat, not wanting Seventeen to see the look of satisfaction lurking in them.
        Seventeen stood and went to the battered chest of drawers in the corner and opened the lid of the cigar box that sat on top.  He took out the dice and looked at them for a moment then reached into the cigar box again and brought out a Bull Durham tobacco sack.  He rubbed it all over the dice mumbling some words that Potter couldn’t quite hear before putting the sack carefully back into the cigar box.  He clenched the dice in his fist and turned back to Potter.  “Ain’t nothing real special about these dice, but they been right good to me so don’t you do nothin’ to hurt ‘em and don’t you lose ‘em.  Ya hear?  I got my gran-pappy’s spirit from outen that sack to protect ‘em so you don’t try witchin’ ‘em or nothin’.
        “No sir!  I won’t do nothin’ but carry ‘em,” Potter said quickly.
        Seventeen extended his fist over the table to Potter’s outstretched palm and let the dice fall.  They turned up seven on the flat of Cull’s hand and he closed his fist on them, shoving them into the bib pocket of his overalls.
        “Thank ya a lot, Seventeen.  You don’t know how much I ‘preciate this.”  He stood.  “You enjoy that jug.  Max says be careful how you show it around ‘cause Royce is havin’ some trouble with the law.”
        “I’ll be careful.”
        Cull almost did not make it to the truck before he burst out in raucous laughter.  He couldn’t believe Seventeen could be stupid enough to let the dice leave his possession.  As he started his rattley old pick-up he laughed again and shouted, “I’m gonna beat him!  I’m gonna beat that Seventeen!”  But a chill of fear ran up his back.
        When Seventeen heard the truck pull away he stepped out the door and the crow, like a piece broken free from the puzzle of the night dropped down to land on his shoulder.  Seventeen nuzzled the bird and watched  Potter’s headlights fade into the gloom of the evening, and when they were gone he smiled, twitched his shoulder and the crow rose and flew in the direction Potter’s Truck had gone

        Iola was an old woman.  Nobody really knew how old since everyone could only remember her as shriveled and gray and no one bent much effort to find out anything more about her either.  She was a maker of hill medicines and was thought to be a witch.  Everyone around Traveler’s Trace said publicly that they didn’t believe in witches or potions, but if someone wanted to dig a new well, or have the blight run off their corn, or had a sick cow, or just a general run of bad luck, they would quietly slip off to see Iola.  She would not take money for her services, saying she had no use for it and no way to spend it since she was far up in the hills and came down only when someone brought her down to witch something for them.  She charged her fees in kind—cloth or food that would keep, or tobacco.
        Cull Potter stood at Iola’s door mashing his slouch hat in his hard hands.  “Miz Iola, I want you to witch something for me.”
        Iola’s wrinkled face didn’t change.  The almost smile that lurked around the corners of her mouth stayed the same when she said, “You got sick animals again, boy?  If you’d be a little careful about the mold in yer hay ya wouldn’t need me.”
        “No ma’am, it ain’t that.  It’s kinda that I been havin’ a bad run of luck with the dice, and I was hopin’ you could maybe help me out.”
        The old woman rocked her rocking chair a few times before she said, “don’t hold much with gamblin’.  Dice is just Lucifer’s toys ta catch rascals like you.”
        “Yes ma’am,” Potter said.  “But I’ll pay for ya to witch some dice for me.”  On the drive up the mountain Cull had thought about what her price was really going to be and it honed the greed in him.  If there was some way he could have the goods, Iola’s spell and Seventeen’s money—
        “What ya got to offer?”  The old woman asked.
        Cull stepped off the porch to his truck and began bringing out the loot.  First was the calico.  Iola looked and said nothing.  Cull laid the cloth on the floor of the porch and brought out some of the canned fruit.  Iola’s eyes widened momentarily but she said nothing.  The spools of thread followed.
        “That’ll do,” Iola said, standing and going into the house.
        Potter smiled.  He had not thought to come away so cheap.  He followed the old woman into the house taking the dice out of his pocket as he walked.
        Iola stopped in the middle of the room and held out her hand.  Cull extended his hand and showed her the dice.  “I want you to make ‘em so’s no one can throw a natural with ‘em ner never make a point—‘sept me.”
        She looked at the ivory colored cubes and nodded.  He dropped them into her hand.
        Iola cried out and dropped the dice on the floor, pulling her hand to her breast as though it was burned.  “Them dice is warded!” she spat.  “They warded strong!  I ain’t gonna do it Cull.  Get outa here with ‘em!”
        Cull bent to pick up the dice, hesitated a moment in fear, but then snatched them up and held them toward Iola.  “You mean you can’t?”  Cull asked, putting contempt into his voice to cover his disappointment at her refusal.
        Iola glared at him, her eyes smoldering.  “I can, but not for the little you gimme.  It’ll take black spellin’ and black spellin’ costs.”
        “I’ll pay,” Potter said.  He dropped the dice back into his overall pocket and went out to the truck with Iola trailing him.  He took out the apricots, the thong leather and the twists of chewing tobacco and placed them on the porch beside the things he had offered before.
        Iola looked over them, her eyes lingering on the tobacco.  She looked longingly at the twists but after a moment said, “T'ain’t enough. They’re warded with an old spirit-- probably blood kin.”
        Cull returned to the truck and brought out the flour, sugar, and beans and dumped them on the porch.
        Iola took a deep breath.  She was tempted and Cull could see it in her eyes.
        “Who warded them dice, Cull.”
        “Seventeen Williams.”
        The old woman lifted an eyebrow then shook her head.  “Right strong.  Right strong.  Don’ know Cull.  I don’t think…” she trailed off.
        Potter had saved his hardest convincer for last.  He threw back an empty tow sack and hauled the second jug of Royce’s moonshine out.  Iola’s eyes opened wide and she stared at the jug for a few moments.  “Whose still?”  She asked at last.
        “Royce’s.  Good squeeze too.  I had some outen another jug.”
        Iola’s face stayed impassive as she considered.  Cull almost danced with anxiety that it would not be enough.
        “My out house needs cleanin’ and fixin’,” she said, somehow knowing that there were no more goods to trade.
        “I’ll do it.”
        She looked at him and then at the goods on the floor and munched her toothless mouth together as she thought.  After a bit she jerked her head in a short nod.  “Tote the stuff on in.  I’ll get started.  Might take a while.”
        Iola’s house seemed dimmer inside than it had been before—as though there were some cloud blotting out the sun, though it continued to stream through the window.  A calico cat sat on the top shelf of a crowded china cabinet washing its paws and grooming its whiskers and paying no attention to Potter.
        Iola brought a medium sized stewer, blackened with years of being used on the wood stove, from a cupboard and placed it on the stove.  She poured liquid from a covered bucket into it and began crumbling herbs into it.
        “Set down over yonder,” she said without looking up from her work.  “Don’t be movin’ around none and don’t make no noise.  I can’t be distracted.”
        Potter looked around the room as he sat in a straight back chair.  There were cobwebs everywhere, yet the house seemed free of dust.  Bunches of herbs and drying charms hung from a string looped from one side of the open beam ceiling to the other.  More things rested in jars set neatly on the windowsills and in shelves.
        Steam was rising steadily from the stewer now.  Iola continued to drop bits of this and that into the brew, stirring it with a willow switch.  Her lips did not seem to move but a rhythmic mutter danced around her in the quiet steam.  Cull watched and eerie prickles ran down his spine like icy raindrops.
        Suddenly a warm wind ruffled the ragged curtains and on the zephyr a shiny black crow glided.  It cawed once, startling Cull, and landed on the floor at his feet.  The bird cocked its head first to the right then to the left as though examining Potter, then it strutted away and fluttered up to a table near Iola’s hand.  She glanced at it and her eyes gleamed for a moment.  She patted her shoulder and the bird hopped up to it.  Iola whispered something and the crow lifted its head and began to caw over and over.  It sounded disturbingly like laughter. Iola looked back into the stewer and stirred it.  The steam was thick around her face.
        The cat atop the cabinet rose and stretched laxily, extending its claws and yawning, then it walked across the shelf and jumped onto the table.  Iola turned from her stew to the table.  “Bring ‘em,” she ordered Potter.
        Cull rose and pulled the dice out of his pocket.
        “Put ‘em in the midst of the table, then set down right there,” she pointed at a low rush-bottom stool beside the table.
        Cull did as he was told.
        Iola dipped a cup full of the brew from the boiling pot and poured it into a bowl.  “Hold out yer arm,” she commanded.
        Cull did and with a blurring fast movement Iola cut him just above the wrist.  Potter snatched his arm back and stared at the blood welling from the slash.  “Don’t jerk around!”  Iola screeched, extending a chipped saucer to catch a few drops of the blood.  When a teaspoonful had gathered in the center of the saucer she poured it into the bowl with the brew.
        Potter was frightened now.  The old woman had moved so fast!  He watched the tincture of red spread through the liquid in the bowl.
        Iola was ignoring Potter.  She stared at the dice for a moment then began to make a salt circle around them saying, “Salt to preserve and purify.”  She then led lines of the salt out in four ways from the circle and made smaller circles at the end of each.  Within the center of the circle with the dice she drew a pentagram, dice centered then she drew smaller pentagrams within each of the smaller circles.  She examined her work carefully, grunted her satisfaction and began making a salt circle around the whole table.  It enclosed Potter, herself, the cat and the crow.  She inspected it closely, adding a bit more here and there saying, “Salt to preserve and protect.”
        When she was satisfied with her work she said, “Don’t you leave the circle no matter what.  You do and there ain’t no help for you.  Seventeen’s granpappy’ll carry you off to shadow and you won’t never come back.”
        “Yes, Ma’am.”
        Iola carefully stepped out of the circle and picked up a little bottle from a shelf then stepped back into the circle.  She inspected the area where she had stepped across making sure it was not disturbed or broken.  She then opened the little bottle, wet her finger with the contents and made an X on Potters forehead, on her own, on the cats, and on the bird’s.  She carefully dripped one drop from the bottle on each of the dice.  She corked the bottle and put it in her apron pocket then began passing her hands over the dice.  A soft chant accompanied the movements and seemed to grow louder with each pass.  The words were not understandable to Cull but the rhythm was compelling.  He was so taken by the sound of it that he jumped and blinked when the fire in the stove crackled.  Steam in great clouds began to rise from the still boiling stewer and a pungent, minty aroma filled the room for a moment, but it began to fade and change almost as soon as it could be identified.  The smell changed to that of soured earth and it made Cull think of the smell of graveyards in the rain.
        The room outside the salt circle began to grow dim and foggy and a nip of frost stole into Potter’s body making the hairs on his arms stand up.  The graveyard smell intensified and became the smell of putrefaction.
        Iola stood rigid and swaying as though her feet were nailed to the floor.  Side to side in a slow tidal rhythm.  Potter could not look away from her.
        Lightening flashed inside the room.  It snaked around the floor and outlined the salt circle.  A thread of crackling blue fire rose up and arched over them and when it touched the other side of the circle thunder crashed, rattling the windows.
        Iola’s voice commanded, “Ghost of Octavius Williams, come to me.”
        Suddenly the lightening aura around Iola stretched and formed two arches like church windows and there was another person standing beside her.  Seventeen! But not him.  Older.  Haggard.  Almost skeletal, with hands large and bony and deep sunken eyes with tiny flecks of coal fire stirring deep in them.
“Who calls?” Seventeen’s grandfather spirit asked.
“Iola.”
“Why?”
“Do you guard the dice of Seventeen?”
“If I am called.”
“Guard them no more.”
“Why?”
“Cull Potter asks it.”
The spirit looked at Potter and Cull felt his insides turn watery.  He wanted to run but found his legs too weak to support him.
A hideous grin slowly spread over the spirit’s face and it changed to a scorning laugh that made Potter’s bowels grip like a vice.
“For such a weasel as Cull Potter I do nothing,” the spirit said contemptuously.
“I command it,” Iola said.
Potter was so frightened he stood and turned to run from the house.  He lifted his foot to step across the salt circle, forgetting what Iola had said in his panic, but she reached out and grabbed him with the power of a bear and slammed him back onto the stool.
A horrific cackling laughter came from outside the circle and Cull looked toward it.  Someone—something stood at the circle’s edge like a dark blot.  The blot lifted a hand and pointed at Potter.  It cackled again and beckoned to him.
“No!  I’ll not come!  No!”  Potter cried, but he could feel himself being pulled toward the dark thing.  He was held back from it only by Iola’s skinny arm.
In a moment the witch’s grip let go and Potter saw her hand extend toward the dark power.  With her other hand she touched the old spirit saying, “I command that you never guard these dice again.”
The spirit’s face twisted in disdain but at last said, “So be it,” and disappeared.
Potter fainted.

“Wake up, Cull Potter!  Wake up!”  Iola said, shaking Potter’s shoulder.  “It’s done.  Wake up.”
Cull snapped awake to see Iola’s toothless face inches from his.  A tiny line of tobacco stain ran from the corner of her mouth down her chin.
Potter drew back from her with a little cry, nearly tipping over the chair.  Iola cackled and munched her mouth together.  Her chin seemed to disappear.  “It’s done best I can do.”  There was a merry twinkle in her eyes that disconcerted Potter.  “I make no promises though,” she continued.  “Black spellin’ can always go wrong.”
Cull stood, still shivering with fear.  The pungent aroma of the steaming stewer was still on the air.  He reached for the dice on the table.
“NO!”  Iola screeched and grabbed his wrist.  “Touch ‘em ‘fore sundown and the spell’s broke. Wait.”  She brought forth a limber willow switch and folded it like tongs, picking up the dice one at a time and placing them in the center of a piece of gray cloth.  Then she folded them up in the cloth, picked them up and handed them to Potter.  “The spell’ll set at sundown, but I don’t know how long it’ll hold.  Yore blood’s weak and it most clabbered the brew ‘fore I could use it.”
“It’ll let me win Saturday night won’t it?”  Potter demanded, his greed overcoming his fear for a moment.
“I reckon.”
“You sure?”
“You doubtin’ me?”  Iola demanded, and her voice was touched with a little of the power it had held when she spoke with the spirit.
“No, no, I ain’t doubtin’!” He began backing toward the door.
The calico cat suddenly yowled and Cull’s hair prickled.  He turned in panic and ran out the door, hardly touching the porch step on the way to his truck.
Iola stepped onto the porch and shouted, “Don’t you forget!  You must clean and fix my outhouse soon.  Soon! Or I’ll hex ya for a debtor.”
Iola watched the truck raise thick clouds of dust as it rattled, too fast, down the rutted road.  The crow, which had been sitting on the peak of the roof, fluttered down to light on the old woman’s shoulder.  It ruffled its neck feathers then stroked its blue-black head against Iola’s cheek making soft gargling sounds deep in its throat.
Iola looked into the bird’s glass bead eyes.  “Go on,” she said and moved her shoulder.  The crow lifted and flew.  Iola watched it a time then smiled and went into the house.

Potter jabbed a gray splinter into his knuckle when he knocked on Seventeen’s shanty door.  The dice were in his other hand still wrapped in the cloth.
Seventeen didn’t say anything when he opened the door.  He stood and looked at Cull.  The door framed deep darkness inside the shanty and seemed to be made darker by the bright light of the mid-day sun.  Cull had to look away from Seventeen quickly, for the memory of the haggard image in the lightning arch was still in his mind, as was the creeping horror of the dark that had called him.   It had not left him day or night since he had seen it.
“Did ya enjoy the jug, Seventeen?” Potter said at last, dragging the toe of his scuffed work shoe through the dust.
“Yep.  ‘Twas good.  Didn’t even need the hair of the dog.  You got my dice?”
“Yeah, yeah.  They right here.”  Cull extended his fist.
“How come they all wrapped up?” Seventeen asked suspiciously.
“Didn’t wanta get ‘em messed up.  I took real good care of ‘em like you said.  They ain’t harmed a bit.”
Seventeen stuck out his outsized paw and Cull gave him the little gray package.  “Thank ya a lot for lettin’ me carry ‘em.  Maybe I can win back some of my money now,” Potter tried to grin but made a botch of it.  “I gotta go.  See ya at Tilden’s tonight.”  Potter turned and hurried away, leaving Seventeen standing in the door.
Seventeen watched Potter leave then looked up.  The sun glinted off blue-black feathers as the crow swooped down to land on his shoulder.  He reached up and stroked the midnight feathers then turned into the house.  He unrolled the dice and shook them in his hand as he walked to the cigar box and opened it.  He dropped them in.  The dice turned up snake eyes.
Seventeen blinked and picked the dice up again, rattled them in his hand and dropped them on the chest of draws top.  They turned up boxcars.  A smile slowly crept across his face as he picked the dice up and dropped them into the cigar box and closed the lid.

“You’re jumpy as frog in a frying pan, Cull,” Max Tilden said.  “What’s wrong?”
“Nothin’.  I’m just ready to play.  Where’s Seventeen at anyhow?”
All the men turned to the clumping sound of footsteps coming through the store and then Seventeen Williams opened the door of the back room.
Max Tilden glanced at Cull Potter and saw all the color drain from his face.  “What’s wrong Cull?  You all right?”
Potter managed to lift his hand and point at the shiny black crow perched on Seventeen’s shoulder.
Seventeen grinned and said, “Max, I b’lieve I’m gonna need me some new dice.”

ENDIT