     Magic, real magic that is, not the slight of hand misdirection of stage magicians, but real magic, is a function of blood. There is conjuration and potion and gesture, all of which are important magical tools in creating the matrix, but, without blood, they are simply poetry and dance and cuisine.   Blood is the true philosopher’s stone. That is why all the ancients made sacrifices in blood, sometimes animal, but for true and powerful effect,  human.  This is the source of all the blood creature legends: vampires and werewolves and blood hungry zombies. For true magic there must be blood.  That is why anyone considering the use of magic should think deeply about it before committing to it.  If one goes to a practitioner to ask for a spell he must be willing to use some of his own blood to set the spell, and he must be ready to pay dearly in money or service too, for the practitioner must think it worthwhile to spill some of his own blood to make the spell.
     “I would control my father-in-law’s fortune,” Arisis, a young lordling said to me. He was visibly attremble to be in the presence of Paracelsis, reputed to be the most powerful magician in Zurich, or perhaps in the world.
     I knew Arisis’ father-in-law well, as did most of Zurich. He was an influential banker known for his sharp dealings. “Ah. And how old is Inarchus?” I asked.
     “Old,” he said with the arrogance of the young. “I do not know exactly and he keeps it a secret so that it cannot be used against him.”
     “I see. And his health?”
     “He is healthy as a man of twenty-five.”
     “Could you not, perhaps, help to change that?  Simply sprinkle powdered hartshorn on his food for the next year or so, or if you want it done more quickly put a decoction of foxglove in his wine.”
     “No. He is very careful. He even employs a food taster, so no. To poison him is impossible though it  would be satisfying...” he paused, savoring the thought for a moment then went on.
“... but even if it could be done it would gain me nothing. Dead his fortune goes to Davial his eldest son who thinks no more of me than does his father.”
     “Ah.”
     “The only way is to enchant the old man so that he sees me as some beatific angel and his other advisors as untrustworthy devils.”
     “Ah.  And, since you want to control his fortune, I assume you have no money,” I said, lifting an eyebrow.  “Which could be problematic.”
     Arisis paled and the trembling of his hands became more pronounced. “It is true,” he said. “But if you help me and I do gain control of the fortune I can pay you anything you wish.”
     “And if you do not, your debt might cost you a great deal,” I said with a smile which caused him to grow paler still.
     “I will honor my debt, Paracelsis.”
I had to give the boy credit. He had nerve to continue though he was visibly frightened almost to puking.
     “Very well then.  I will trust that you are a man of your word.”  Once more a smile crept to my lips and Arisis swallowed hard. “There are a few things you must bring me,” I continued. I must have at least a few of his hairs, a drop or two of his sputum—“
     “How can I get that?  I can hardly say ‘Inarchus, spit in this cup won’t you please.”
     “If you will simply bring me a few hairs from his brush and an unwashed cup from which he has drunk it will serve. And finally a scrap of paper upon which he has written his name. It need not be newly written but it must be his true name written by his hand.”
     “Another difficult thing to acquire.”
     “Then perhaps we should simply go about our lives and forget we ever met.”
     “No—No. I will find a way. Is there anything else?”
     “It would be much easier if I had a drop of his generative fluid...”
     Arisis’  eyes opened wide and he began to stutter, but I cut him off with a wave of my hand.
    “...but that would truly be very difficult unless you have his wife or his mistress as an ally so the other things will serve.”
     He looked relieved and repeated that he would find a way.
     “Very well.  When you have the things come back to me and come prepared to give me a dram or perhaps two of your blood.”
     “Blood? My blood? Why?”
     “It is necessary to create the matrix and bind the spell.”
     “But I thought— “
     “You thought this could be accomplished with no letting of blood? Then you are a fool. Be gone and stop wasting my time.” I stood and made as it to leave the room.
     “No, wait, Paracelsis, I just...”
    “You know there is no magic without blood!” I pulled back the left sleeve of my tunic  and held my scarred forearm beneath his nose. “For each dram of your blood I must add a dram of my own.  A spell such as this is a binding oath of blood between the agreeing parties. No blood, no spell.  You knew that before you came here.”
     “Yes, I knew, it’s just that I didn’t think it would be as much as a dram...”
     “Be thankful this is a relatively easy spell. A truly difficult one might cost you a tankard full.”
     “A tankard?”
     “If we are to continue, set your mind to the blood. Now get out. I have things to do.  Come back with the things I named as quickly as you can.  If you don’t return within a week I will assume you have changed your mind. Now, Get Out.”

     Fog rolled and clouded the quay beside the Zurichsee making the night all the darker.  I sat upon a bench wrapped in my heaviest cloak with the hood pulled up.
     “Paracelsis?” a quiet voice asked.
     “Inarchus.  Sit with me for a moment.”
     The other, dressed much as I was in heavy dark cloak looked up and down the quay before turning to sit.  “I do not think meeting, even here  is prudent,” he said.
     “Not prudent, but necessary.  You have enemies.”
     “Surely you did not call me out into the damp to tell me what I already know.”
     “This one is particularly near you and he has come to me for help.”
     Inarchus was quiet for a moment, perhaps thinking, perhaps containing his distress, for after a moment he said, “And what is it Arisis wants from you?”
     “Ah, I see you are not the dotard he thinks.”
     “I have paid you enough over the years to prevent dotage that you should not be surprised.  What is it the young fool wants, my death?”
     “Control of your estate.”
     “Um Hum. Not quite the fool I took him for.”
     “Fool enough not to wonder why a man who looks as old as the Cathedral still has all his teeth,  is strong as a youth, and agile as a cat.”
     He snorted. “I hide it well most of the time.”
     “Yes, I suppose you do.  So, what do you want me to do. I have already sent him to gather some odds and ends, supposedly for the matrix. Shall I just have his throat cut and his body fed to the pigs?”
     “His loss will make my daughter Katrina very sad, but I suppose there is really no choice.”
     My mind was ticking over and after a moment something else occurred to me. “It is near time for your renewal—a bit early but near enough.”
     Inarchus turned to look at me. I could see nothing save the passing glint of his eyes in the dark shadow of his hood.  “Could it be?” he asked, his mind falling into the same paths as mine.
     “Yes. It will work, though it would be frowned on if such news leaked out.”
     “I have already purchased a soon to be born peasant whelp for the purpose...”
     “So you will lose your twenty ducats and the peasantry will have another mouth to feed.”
     “Yes, I suppose. And there is something satisfying about using the blood of the one who would have been using me.”
     “Indeed.”
     “It will not make Katrina any less sad but...” He shrugged.
     I stood.  The damp chill of the foggy darkness crept beneath my cloak and mixed with an anticipatory shiver which ran up my spine. “I will send my man around when and if Arisis returns from his scavenger hunt. If he comes to his senses and decides not to continue I will see you in a few weeks with  your peasant whelp.”
                                                              * * *
     My servant Rudolpho, a young dwarf which I had purchased from his father, answered the knock then came to my work room. “Lord Arisis asks admittance,”  he said.
     “Did you admit him?”
     “No my lord. You told me never to admit anyone without your say so.”
     “Good boy.  Go bring him into the sitting room. Make him comfortable with wine and dainties. Play your flute for him. Bring the things he has brought  me here and tell him I will call for him in a while.  Tell him to be patient.”
     “Yes, my Lord.”
     “When he is comfortable take yourself quickly to Lord Inarchus. Tell him it is time. And when you bring him back, make sure the young lord does not see him.”
     “Yes, my Lord,” he said and went out.
     I set to the preparations for the business to come.  First I placed a kettle upon the fire then I brought forth three large beakers made of fine clear glass.  Two of the beakers containing blood matrices were covered. They already had a dark liquid in them which seemed to resent being moved from the storage shelves where they had been kept. One might even have thought the liquid was alive as it clung to the beaker sides. In a way these matrices were alive. They contained blood essence of two people but there was nothing of the human about these any longer.  It was as though they were some gelatinous beasts  trying to escape confinement.
     Into the third beaker which was empty, I poured some warm water then added a cup of iodine tincture to change the color of the water then added some finely ground lamp black both to thicken and darken the liquid, and make it look like a partially finished matrix. I placed the beaker upon a small table beside the large table where I would do my work upon Arisis so that it could be seen.  Beside the beaker I placed my instruments upon a white cloth—a hollow needle,  two cubit lengths of India rubber tubing, a scalpel, a suction dropper large enough to hold several drams of liquid, and a hempen tourniquet with a wooden handle to twist it tight.
     I placed the other two beakers within easy reach and covered them with a brocade cloth and when I was satisfied that all was in readiness I placed a small wad of crushed Datura leaves in a cup and poured hot water from the kettle over them, letting them steep while I brought forth the most important ingredient.  This was a mixed distillation from an herb called “Everlasting.” It grew wild everywhere and was universally considered a weed, and a plague on kitchen gardens and ripped out by its roots.  But I knew that when the crushed flowers were distilled with alcohol and the crushed roots were distilled with urine from an expectant mother and the two distillations were combined in just the right proportion and mixed under the right words,  it was a potion that would stave off the creeping years.  It was by no means a guarantee of eternal life, but when mixed with the blood  of  my subject, and a measure of the mixture was added to the personal matrix of my subject with the proper words it did bring remarkable health and bodily repair to the older.
     At last my preparations were ready. I heard the chime of the cathedral clock and knew enough time had passed for Rudolpho to have done his chores so I went to my desk and rang the silver bell I kept there to call him.  He came into the chamber quickly and bowed, ready at my command.
     “Bring Arisis now, and when I ring again bring Inarchus.”
     Rudolpho bowed his misshapen body and went out.  In a moment he was back leading Arisis.
“I was beginning to think you had forgotten me, Paracelsis.” Arisis said, trying to remain light and not succeeding.
     “Come, let us get started. Take off your tunic and singlet and lie down here Arisis.”
     The young man’s eyes darted from place to place taking in the dark walls of the chamber and the high windows that let in very little light.  His eyes stopped on the beaker sitting beside the table I had indicated.  “What is that?” he asked.
     “The matrix I have prepared for you from those things you brought me.”
     “This is how I will control Inarchus?”
     “When the final preparations are made. Please, Your tunic and singlet.” He took them off, folding and placing them on a chair.  “Lie down and be comfortable,” I said. “This won’t take long.”
     He glanced at the instruments beside the table and grew a bit paler.  “This is where you take the blood?” he asked.
     “Yes. Lie down and let us get on with this. I have other appointments,” I said, making it clear that my other appointments were far more important than this one.
     Arisis lay down on the table. A sheen of nervous perspiration was on his bare chest that made his skin look oily.  His flesh was, over all, an unhealthy gray color in the dimness.
     I brought up the lower strap to put over his leg and when I began to buckle it he said, “Why must I be strapped so? It is only a little blood is it not?”
     “It is only a little blood, but I cannot have you flinch or your legs dance when I insert the needle or I might miss the vein which would cause you hurt, and possibly leave a large hard to explain mark on your arm, so I will strap you tightly for your own sake.”
     I saw that my words relaxed him a bit and a touch of color returned to his face. He did not protest when I brought up the waist strap, the chest strap and the two straps to hold his arm.  He was thoroughly held now and I began my final preparations.
       I tightened the hempen tourniquet around Arisis arm and when the vein inside his elbow sprang up  I inserted the hollow needle. Arisis flinched though he was held tight by the straps.
     “See, not much pain,” I said as I attached the India Rubber tubing to the needle. “As you die you will simply feel as though you are going to sleep. Very easy, very warm.”
     “Die?” Arisis said, his eyes opening wide with fear.
     “Yes dear boy, I am afraid that you will have to die. Your Father in law insists on it.  And since he is going to use your blood to stay young...Unavoidable.”
     “But I will pay you handsomely Paracelsus. You will be rich. Let me live and I will give all to you. You will control him.  Please just let me live” he begged.
     I looked at him and shook my head in disbelief that he did not understand my position, but since he would soon be dead I decided to clear up my reasoning for him.  “You see Arisis, It would not be well for you to remain alive for my sake either, because when Inarchus failed to dance at your tune you might begin to wonder why, and you might begin to talk.”  I released the tourniquet and drained a tankardful of blood into a clear glass receptacle  filling the glass about one third of the way—then I stopped the flow from the tube with a clamp. “You seem like a bright young man. I am amazed that you had not considered your father-in-law before.  How could you think that you were the first to wish to control him and his money. The foolishness of the young I suppose.  But I cannot very well make it so that you control him since it might interfere with my control of him.”
     Arisis’ eyes opened wide with understanding now.
    As I talked   I poured a measure of the potion I had made from the two distillations of Everlasting and mothers urine into the glass with the blood and gave it a stir.  Immediately the blood in the glass changed. It suddenly seemed thicker like the liquid in the larger matrices jars, and, like that substance, it took on a kind of life all its own.
     I examined the blood potion to be sure it was smoothly integrated, then I pulled up my left sleeve, wrapped a length of India rubber tubing around my arm just above my elbow and tied it tight, pumping my left fist to make the veins rise.  When they were pumped full of blood and clear of the scars around the inside of my elbow I placed my elbow in a basin specially prepared with spells and potion to protect the blood from contamination. I  lifted the small pointed scalpel from my tool kit, and began my concentrated thought of what must now be done.  I have done this a hundred times but always I must gather my courage, for the bloodletting of the practitioner is not the same as for others. It must be accompanied by concentration, and spoken spell, and it must be done quickly.  I whispered my spell, gathered my concentration and jabbed the scalpel into my vein then dropped the knife and loosed the tourniquet. My blood spurted forth to be caught in the ensorcelled basin and when there was enough I quickly pressed a white cambric pad to the wound.
     I looked at Arisis who was watching with horrified expression.  “Without blood there is no magic,” I told him.
     Still holding the cambric pad tight to my vein with my right hand I went to the Datura decoction and drew out a few drops with an eye dropper using my left hand.  “Good night, Arisis,” I said. “Have a pleasant trip into the next world.”   He tried to resist but I poked the eye dropper’s end between his lips and squeezed.
     The effect was near instantaneous. His eyes glazed and his breathing slowed. He was still awake but now unable to speak or move more than his eyes.
    My blood was stopped, but I wrapped a piece of cloth tightly around my arm to make sure the vein did not re-open and dropped my sleeve back down so that the wound could not be seen.
     My blood was puddled in the bottom of the basin. I took it up and poured about half of it into the other potion.  My blood, mixed with Arisis blood and the other ingredients. The matrix was almost ready. Now to assure control I needed only some drops of Inarchus’ blood. When those were mixed with this small matrix and it was added half to each of the matrices I had brought out before, one being Inarchus’ and one being my own, my control of his fortune would be once more assured.
     I went to my desk and rang the bell to call Rudolpho.

     Rudolpho and Inarchus came in.  Inarchus, grinning diabolically came close enough for his Son in law to see him.  The drugged young man blinked at his father-in-law.  “He is not dead,” Inarchus said, surprised.
     “I thought you would appreciate being able to send him to eternity knowing you had won.” I said.
     Inarchus thought on it for a moment then said, “You are right, Paracelsus. It is only proper that the defeated should know their defeat.”  He turned again to his son-in-law and said, “You should have been happy eating my food, sleeping in the bed I provided and schtupping my daughter you ingrate. Now you will have nothing but a chilly grave.  And you will have eternity to consider how your life has helped me to live much longer.”
     Arisis’ lips moved as though to say something in answer but no sound came forth. After a moment the young man ceased trying to talk.  He blinked at the older man a time or two and his lips formed into an unreadable smile before he dropped into deep sleep.
     Inarchus looked from his sleeping son-in-law to me, a puzzled look upon his face, but after a moment he shook off the question.  “Now what? “ he asked.
     “There remains only the letting of your blood to be added to the matrix and the deed is finished.”
     A look of distaste crossed Inarchus’ face at which I smiled and said,  “Without Blood there is no magic.”

THE END