 Dave and I were sitting in the Bucket of Blood saloon in Virginia City, Nevada, tired and dirty as if we had just crawled out of a hole, which we sort of had, drinking Irish coffee at Seven AM, and it was all Mark Twain’s fault—well, sorta. More the fault of Simon Wheeler, Jim Smiley, and that damned frog.
        A couple of weeks ago, end of April, Big Dave Dodge and I were sitting in the Lonesome Gopher Saloon sipping Sierra Nevada Beer and talking to the Bar tender, whose name happened to be Jim Smiley. Now, the Lonesome Gopher is a hole in the wall saloon in an old ghost of a mining town called Red Mountain. It is in the mountains that surround the Mojave Desert and it was quite a booming place a hundred years or so ago. But then the gold ran out.  As per usual Dave was looking the town and area over for a friend who makes low budget movies usually pertaining to motorcycle gangs battling it out over something of no consequence.
“Jim Smiley, Huh? You wouldn’t be that friend of Mark Twain's that filled the frog up with buckshot would ya?” I asked.
Dave gave me a strange look. “Mark Twain?”
“Yeah. The “Celebrated Jumping frog…” Didn’t you ever read it?”
“G, you got a truly trash heap mind to remember that kind of shit.”
“What can I tell ya, comes with being an aging scribbler and part-time genius.”
Smiley laughed. “Part time genius—what are ya the rest of the time?”
“Just yer average cheerful idiot,” Dave jumped in and gave me a wink.
Smiley laughed again. “Actually I am kinda Jim Smiley, like in the story. He was a real person ya know? My great, great Grandfather….”
Dave and I looked at one another. We had experienced the strangeness of blood relations before with a lady claiming to be the great, great granddaughter of Tiburcio Vasquez, but that’s a story for another time.
“…and he really did know Sam Clemens. They were even partners in a gold mine over in Virginia City Nevada. Copy of the claim is right over there.” He pointed to a framed document hanging on the wall of the back bar.
“Gold Mine? If you own a gold mine why ain’t you rich?” I kidded him.
“I am. Don’t ya see these palatial digs? I’m king of Red Mountain.”
“OK yer majesty.” Dave said with just the faintest twist of disbelief in his voice.
“Don’t believe me, huh? Well I really do own most of this town and, that is really a mining claim from Virginia City, home of the Comstock Lode. Wanna see it?”
“Well yeah, of course.”
Smiley took the framed document off the wall and put on the bar in front of me. It could have been a faked together piece of junk for all of me as I had no idea what a gold claim was supposed to look like, but it looked good. Yellowed and crinkly with old looking black ink signatures of Sam Clemens and James Smiley and some guy name of William Ethline.
Dave looked at the thing over my shoulder then pulled it in front of him and really began to examine it closely. “You ever been over there to see it?” He asked Smiley.
“Naw. Claims like that were a dime a dozen. People in Virginia City used to use ‘em as markers for debits, like IOU’s. Ya know, throw ‘em into the pot when yer playing poker, or pay yer bar bill with ‘em, according to George Williams.”
“Who’s he?” I asked.
“Wrote a book called Mark Twain: his life in Virginia City Nev.”
“Never heard of him.” I said, not that it meant anything. I’ve written six books and mostly no one ever heard of me either.
“Yeah, he used to live around here somewhere, I think. Anyhow I got a bunch of copies of his book if ya wanna buy one.”
“Yeah sure, get one out.” I said. I’m a sucker for such things as I have been the guy selling books out of the trunk of my car and in bars for a long time.
“Even so,” Dave said. “I’d think you’d want to go over there and have a look, just for history sake, even if it is worthless.”
“Maybe I will someday.”
We drank up and shot the bull with Smiley for a while longer then Dave asked if he could take pictures in the bar and around Red Mountain.
“Sure. Take all ya want. What for?”
“Well, I gotta friend who’s a producer/film maker who might like to use Red Mountain as a location for a film.”
Smiley’s ears perked up at that. “Maybe make Red Mountain Famous?”
Dave shrugged. “He’s a really small film maker.”
“Rated X?”
“No, not X.  Rated Y, for you couldn’t believe what a cheap film he can make.”
Smiley seemed a little disappointed at that, but said, “Ah what the hell, shoot yer pictures. Maybe something will come of it.”

A couple days later Dave and I were sitting in the Windy City Saloon in Mojave
 when a stranger blew into the place on a big gust of dusty Mojave wind.  Now the Windy City bar was kind of a regular haunt for Dave and I and we knew pretty much everybody that came into the place, so a new face was a curiosity.
        The fella was a kind of tall and skinny with a shock of wild white hair and a big droopy mustache. He was dressed in jeans and a work shirt but I thought, if he was wearing a white suit he’d look like Mark Twain. Now, I have been a worshiper of Mark Twain almost since I could read. I have read everything he ever wrote, or at least I think so, and a lot that has been written about him, so seeing what might be his Great grandson caught my attention.
        Well, the Mark Twain look alike sat down on the bar stool a couple to my left and said, “Whatever you got on tap. I ain’t particular.”
        Jimmy the bar keep nodded, drew a glass of Sierra, and set it in front of the fella who picked it up and took a huge swig then set it back down right in the wet ring where it had been before.
        “Excuse me,” I said, “but did anybody ever tell you how much you look like Mark Twain?”
        It was like I had suddenly taken the air out of him. He sorta collapsed down in disgust, head hanging down and shaking in a very negative way. “I curse that man’s name daily,” the stranger said.
        Big Dave leaned over the bar and looked around me at the stranger. “How come?” He asked.
        “Cause everybody mistakes me for him.”
        “Um,” I began. “Might be ‘cause of the hair and mustache…”
        “Yeah, I know, but me looking like him is the only thing that keeps me going. I work as a Twain imitator over in Virginia City during the summer.”
        “Twain imitator?” Dave asked. “Ya mean like an Elvis impersonator?”
        ‘Mark’ shot an acid glance over at Dave and I purely wished I had not been between the two of them.
        “Well, Uh, if ya don’t like it why don’t ya quit? I mean you oughta be able to get a job of some kind doing something else?” Dave said, defensively.
        “Yeah, I suppose I could, but see, I’m a writer…”
        Uh Oh, I thought. I had heard this story several times before in various permutations. A person with the writing sickness who had found a way to get his escritoire fix, but was now stuck with the addiction though he wanted to quit.
        The imitator went on. “I kept getting rejection slips that said my style was too much like Mark Twain, and no one wanted to buy my stories so I decided to outsmart ‘em. I began writing under the name Marcus Twain and went to printing my own books, and a magazine, and selling them over in Virginia City.  Worked out pretty good. The lady that owns the junk store in the building that used to be the Territorial Enterprise newspaper sells the books and lets me sleep down stairs in Twain’s old office.”
        “Really?” I asked, excited by the prospect of sleeping in Mark Twain’s office.
        “It ain’t as grand as it sounds. The place is a dusty old wreck and it’s haunted.”
        I blinked and then turned to look at Dave, whose mouth had gone crooked under his beard.
        “Haunted, huh?” Jimmy the bar tender said with only little disbelief in his voice.
         “Yeah, haunted,” Marcus said bluntly. “Whole damn town is haunted. Anybody that works or lives there can tell ya that…”
Dave and I looked at each other. We were not scoffers. We had some experience with ghosts and other strange things.
“…They even give ghost tours.”
“So, does Mark Twain haunt Virginia City?” I asked, trying not to sound skeptical, but when you ask a question like that people find it hard to take you seriously.
Marcus studied me for a minute before he said, “Not that I know of. I’m the only Mark Twain in town so far as I know. There’s lots of others though. Jim Smiley and that damn frog are there, I’ve seen ‘em.”
“The Celebrated Jumping Frog? I thought that was just a story.”
“No it ain’t. I mean the whole thing may have been made up from something small, but the frog and Jim Smiley really did exist…”
Dave and I looked at each other remembering the Lonesome Gopher.
“…, and Simon Wheeler too.  Wheeler’s great, great grandson runs the Majestic Saloon in Virginia City. He’s got what he claims to be the original frog pickled in a jar of alcohol.”
Again Dave and I looked at one another remembering something else that had been pickled in Alcohol— Tiburcio Vasquez’s procreative member.
“It don’t stay there though,” he continued. “I swear that frog’s ghost hops around all over town. I woke up one time and it was sitting on Twain’s old desk putting the stink eye on me.”
Now I have heard some wild tales and been involved in a couple so I didn’t disbelieve Marcus—completely.
“So what are you doing over here?” Jimmy asked.
Marcus looked up from his beer and if his look had been arrows Jimmy would have looked like a porcupine, but the imitator calmed down after a minute and took another big drink of Sierra Nevada and set it back down in the ring. Then he took a deep breath and sighed. “Fool’s errand,” he said. “I came over here to Hollywood to talk to a guy claimed to be a movie director. He was over yonder poking around and we got talking and he said he might like to make a movie about me and the haunted town and all that stuff. I told him I could pull a script together for him from my adventures as almost Mark Twain and he said that would be good and could I bring it over here when it was done so he could show it to some folks that might back the movie. So I said, sure and got his card and sat down to write the script.  Took me a couple of days, and then I jumped in my pick-up truck and headed over here, but I couldn’t find the guy at the address he gave me. Secretary said “Mr. Tartanian” didn’t work there anymore.
“Bernie Tartanian?” Dave asked.
“Yeah. How’d you know?”
“I’m kinda in the movies,” Dave said. “I do extra work as a bad ass biker or thug whenever I can get it.”
I always found that kind of funny. Dave was big as a mountain, 6’6’ 280, and strong as an ox. Mean looking too with his long hair and beard, and he’s perpetually dressed like a Hell’s Angel since he rides a chopped Harley Davidson, but he is about the gentlest man I ever met. He’s a poet with an angelic soul, wrapped up in a hellion’s body.
“Tartanian, ain’t the most trustworthy man in Hollywood.” Dave continued. “And he drinks.”
“Yeah, he was pouring it down when I met him.”
“I’m sorry you got clipped.” Now it was Dave’s turn to take a big slug out of his glass. I could almost hear the wheels turning in his head as he sat the glass back down. “Tell ya what Marcus,” he began. “Let me go have a word with a couple of friends. Maybe Tartanian has done you a favor.”
Twain frowned. “You think so?”
Dave shrugged. “Couldn’t hurt. You got someplace to stay for a couple of days?”
“Well, yeah, I guess. I was staying over at the Cactus Motel in Palmdale. Guess I could go back. Can’t stay long though. Gotta get back to Nevada and get ready for tourists.”
“OK, let me see what I can do. Maybe we can get you—and maybe me—a little something out of this.”

A few days later I ran into Dave again over at the Oasis market and gas station. “So how did you do with Mark Twain in Hollywood?” I asked.
Dave perked right up when I mentioned Twain. “Not bad. We talked with a couple of people and there is some interest. I mean it ain’t gonna be a block buster or anything, but he really might get a deal, or maybe an option at least.”
“Great,” I said half wondering why my friend, with whom I had lived through some pretty hair raising stuff hadn’t ever offered to talk to anybody about my stories. I could use an option, but I let the thought go, or rather filed it for later consideration.
“I’m going over there in a couple of days with a licensing contract for his script.”
“Did you read it?”
He shrugged. “It wan’t awful but I thought maybe I could talk him into consulting with you a little bit on it. You tell a pretty good story and you got some technical expertise that Marcus seems to lack.”
“I’d be happy to do it if he’s up for it.”
“You wanna go with me?”
I had to think about that a minute. “I’ll have to talk to Michele about that, but I’ll call ya.”
“OK.”
Michele, my long suffering heart-mate said “Can I go too? My old purse that I bought over there is about worn out. I’d like to get a new one in that leather shop, if it is still there?”
It was OK by me and Dave said it was OK by him too so we three jumped into the Silver Bullet the next morning and headed out. Michele was not all that happy about going in the Silver Bullet as she had to sit in the back seat. Dave’s too big and so am I so she was back among the candy wrappers and stray books.
We got to Virginia City in the afternoon and pulled into the Silver Queen Motor lodge. It is a new looking place so we figured it probably wasn’t haunted, but ya can’t ever tell.
 Virginia City is built clinging to the side of a mountain so everywhere you go is either up or down. We were aiming for the Majestic Saloon which was up. Michele went with us but I figured she would break off and go shopping before we actually got to the saloon. She didn’t though. The afternoon was warm so after the walk she decided she needed a cold beer too.
The Majestic was something out of an old Gun Smoke show. Straight bar with mirrors behind, cow horns, hides, fire arms and a large map hanging on the walls, and  there was  a big, not too well executed, copy of Goya’s “Naked Maja.” The modern touch was that there were slot machines standing in rows where there used to be tables.
There were a few people in the place, playing the one armed bandits and leaning on the bar. We stepped up, ordered drafts and watched as the bar tender, gray haired and tough looking, drew them-- Sierra Nevada, just like in the Windy City.
“’S’cuse me,” Dave said. “Would you know where we could locate Marcus Twain?”
“Don’t know. Ain’t seen ‘im in a couple days, but he’ll probably be round. He’ll come wanting his money.”
“Ah,” Dave said.
I had been looking over the place and the Bar tender for a bit and I had to ask, “You Simon Wheeler?”
He shot me a look and said, “Who wants to know?”
I stuck out my hand and said, “G. Lloyd Helm, aging author and part time genius.”
He grinned and I thought his face was gonna crack, but he took my hand. “Yeah, I’m Simon Wheeler. Bar keep and grandson of Mark Twain’s foil.”
Now I grinned. “Marcus Twain told us you had the jumping frog pickled in a jar. ‘Sat true?”
He lifted an eye brow and said, “I’ll show ‘im to ya for a dollar.”
“Pretty stiff price just to see a pickled frog.”  Michele said. She is a pretty good Joe when it comes to such craziness as Dave and I get into, though she did once tell me that the next time I needed bail I was to call someone else.
Wheeler snorted. “Tell ya what missy, I’ll charge these two a dollar, but you can look for free.”
“Pay the man G,” she said.
“Yes Ma’am.” I answered and dug out a buck.
Wheeler examined the bill like he thought it was counterfeit,  but finally stuck it in his shirt pocket and bent down to get the gallon jar from an under bar cupboard. He set it down in front of Michele, maybe expecting her to squirm or something, but Sarge doesn’t scare easy and she pulled the jar over closer to get a better look.
The frog was stretched out as though he were caught in mid-jump. Not the biggest frog I had ever seen but pretty big with legs as long as the rest of his body.
She turned the jar slowly against the light examining him good then sat back. “He don’t look like so much.”
“Well, what’d you expect? That he was gonna jump outa the jar and sing a course of ‘Hello my Honey” like that frog in the cartoons?” Wheeler said a bit defensively. “I mean, he been pickled more than a hundred years.”
“We heard his ghost hops around all over town, so we was kinda hoping for a little more,” I said.
 “You sure that’s him?” Dave said.
Wheeler picked up the jar and shook it a little. “See them things in the bottom? They’re bird shot ole froggie spit out when Grandpa Simon dropped him in the jar.
Dave looked at it a bit longer then said, “Huh. Bird Shot hang over.”
Wheeler burst out laughing. “Yeah. I reckon.”
“Marcus Twain said that frog’s ghost hops around all over town,” Dave said.
“Yeah, well. Ol’ Marcus got a pretty good imagination.” Wheeler said.
I’d had about all the frog I needed so I turned around with my back to the bar, stretched and had a further look around. My eyes fell on the map next to the Naked Maja. I have been a map aficionado since I was a child. Got maps of all the places I’ve traveled too all my life in a special book shelf in my office. So I stood up and walked over to the map. It was old, but still clear. It was of the area around Virginia City and it had hundreds of little colored squares marked all over it. The legend said it was a map of all the mining claims up until 1885. I examined it more closely and saw that each square had a name in it. Some were people’s names and some were obviously mine names. I found the Hoochie Coo claim and Prince Henry’s claim and a lot of others that meant even less to me, but I didn’t find the one I was looking for—Jim Smiley’s claim. “Mr. Wheeler?” I asked. “Do you know anything about a mining claim that Sam Clemens and Jim Smiley shared?”
“Sure. It’s pretty famous. People go out there all the time to have a look around. Don’t know what they expect to find. There’s a shaft but it’s blocked off. Don’t want anybody going in these places. Too easy to get lost. This whole town’s honey combed with tunnels, most of ‘em connected. Man could wander around down there forever, or he could fall down a hole and never be heard from again. Happens a good bit when people try going in to see if they can collect some scraps of gold or silver.  If you’re really interested you can get a tour of the mines. I got a guide comes in to go down through my basement.”
“Yer basement?”
“Yeah, lots of these old buildings got mine entrances. Me and the Bucket of Blood across the street, The Bird Cage. The old assay office has one. Gives guided tours of the Mother Lode.”

“Where’s the Mark Twain claim on this map?”
“Upper Left corner. Up Six Mile Canyon. You’ll hafta stand on a chair or something to see it.”
“Can we drive too it?” Dave asked.
“Yeah. Road’s kinda rough and crooked but you can drive up there if you want.”
“Finish yer beer ya’ll. Let’s go up yonder.” I said.
“You guys can go on if ya want,” Michele said. “I’m going shopping then I’m gonna go take a bubble bath.”
“OK, fine. Dave and I will go and meet you back here after awhile for dinner.”
“Fine.”
We drank up and looked at the frog for a little while longer then headed back for the hotel. We crossed from the Majestic to the front of the old Territorial Enterprise building and Marcus Twain popped out.
“Hey, just the man I wanted to see,” Dave said.
Marcus shook both of our hands. “You got good news?”
“Maybe. My friend would like to see some script revisions. He’s really interested, and wonders if you might like some help from G. He’s a pretty fair writer.
“Well yeah, we can talk about it. Come on, let’s get a beer.”
“We just came out of the Majestic. We’re on our way up to see Mark Twain’s gold mine.” I said. “You wanna come? We can talk on the way up there and then we’ll come back down and have supper.”
“OK. We can do that.”

We talked for a ways up the mountain, but then the way got pretty rough and crooked as advertised and I had to pay attention to my driving. By and bye we came to a hand painted sign that said “Mark Twain’s gold mine” pointing up another dirt road so I turned up and we drove another half a mile.
There was a flattish spot at the end of the road where people had obviously parked to go to the mine.  It was late afternoon now and the shadows were beginning to get longer. I parked the Silver Bullet right beside a dark blue Volvo sedan that was even older than the Silver Bullet. I almost had not noticed it because it was parked in a patch of shadow nearly the same color as the car. There was a bumper sticker on the back that said “Teachers rule the world.”
We three got out of the car.
We walked up the path that lead from the parking spot around a curve of mountain and in a few hundred yards we found the owner of the Volvo. She was an elderly lady—well not elderly in that she was feeble—but she had gray hair and an aura of being out of her depth about something. She was looking toward the opening of the tunnel and fairly dancing with anxiety. She startled and turned to us. “Oh Thank God,” she said.
OK, now, any greeting that begins with “Thank God,” is usually connected to bad news of some kind, and this was no different. “I put my dog down to do his business, and a frog  popped out of nowhere. Pierre chased him right into the tunnel. I’ve called and called but he won’t come back.”
Dave and I looked at each other, then looked at her and then at the tunnel, and Dave, chivalrous to a fault, said, “Don’t worry ma’ am, well get him,” and started toward the tunnel.
I had a bad feeling in the pit of my stomach, but where Dave goes I usually follow and I did it again. We walked up to the mouth of the tunnel which was all blocked with wood barriers and signs saying “Keep Out. Rock fall Danger.”
“I can’t see nothin’” Dave said. “Need a flashlight or lantern or something. You got one in the car?”
“Yeah. I’ll get it. Be right back.” I turned and loped back past Marcus and the lady and told them “Need a flashlight.” As I passed them.
I got the flash and ran back up the path to Dave. I was huffing like a freight train when I got there. Path was a lot steeper than it looked. I handed the light to Dave and put my hands on my knees and sucked in air like when I was playing basketball.
Dave walked up to the barrier, switched on the light and shot the beam down the tunnel. I didn’t see anything that looked like a Pierre, just some ragged bumpy rock walls and a whole lot of dark. Dave looked around the opening then went to the left side and began squeezing between the barrier and the mountain.
“You sure that’s a good idea Dave?” I panted.
“I’ll just go in a couple yards. Pierre probably didn’t go far.”
“Yeah, prob’ly. Hang on I’ll go with ya.” Like I said, if Dave goes I usually follow. I squished through the narrow opening between the barrier and the wall and we were in.
“Here Pierre. Come here boy. Your boss lady is worried about you.” I called, but there was nothing but a muffled echo of my voice.
Dave went on some, swinging the light back and forth. I came up behind him and called for the dog again, thinking, Has to be a poodle. Why else would ya name a dog Pierre?” I whistled and called him again, and that was when things began to get dicey.
I felt the trembling first in my legs, and I knew what it was. I have been in several earthquakes, including a couple of really big ones. This one didn’t seem like much. Gone before it really began, but it was enough to scare the hell out of Pierre. He came racing past us like his tail was on fire. He was a little dirty white tea cup poodle, and no doubt the frog he was chasing could have kicked his ass if it had just turned around to do it.
Dave and I watched him zip by then looked at each other and laughed. That was when the next part of the quake, the real part hit. It still wasn’t so much of a deal, but it shook pretty good and some dust and rock started falling from the ceiling. We took a step toward the exit and the after-shock really hit. It was bigger than the quake itself. The entrance of the tunnel seemed to just close in like a lens iris and Dave and I turned to go back up the tunnel away from the falling rock.  In a couple of minutes the ground quit shaking and we were left with a cloud of dust and a pretty weak flashlight beam. We were both coughing and hacking.
“You OK, G?”
“I will be when I spit out the rest of this mud. What say we get on outta here before the next shock?”
“Gonna be tough to do. I think the mountain caved in and filled up the hole.”
“Ah shit.”
“Yeah.”
We waited for the dust to settle a bit then walked back to where the mine opening had once been. Nothing but piles of rock, big ones and little ones and in between ones. And we had no idea how far those rocks were stacked. “Can’t be more that maybe twenty feet,” Dave said.
“You sure? I didn’t notice how far back we went when the ceiling started falling. Could be a hundred feet for all of me?”
Dave looked at me and then back at the rock pile, and shook his head. “I hate it when you’re right G. I really do.”
“Me too. So what are we gonna do?”
“Sit here and wait for Marcus and Pierre’s Momma to go get someone to dig us out I guess.”
“If the mountain didn’t fall down on ‘em.”
Once more Dave looked at me and I could hear him thinking how he hated it when I might be right. “Guess we could start digging from this side.”
“I don’t think so. I know you’re a strong MoFo but some of them rocks are bigger than me. And even if we could move ‘em, -- we shift ‘em wrong and the rest might just decide to crash down on us.”
“Yeah.”
We were both a little worried, but trying to be macho about it and not show it. We just stood there and looked at the pile for a few more minutes then Dave said, “Boy I could sure use a beer.”
“Yeah.”
Rrrrribit
“What’d you say, G?”
“Wasn’t me.”
“Rrrribit.”
“Sounds like a frog,” I said.
Dave shined the flashlight around and sure enough, up the tunnel maybe a half dozen steps there was a bull frog.
“Hum,” Dave said. “Did you see a frog pond anywhere around?”
“I was looking for a dog not a frog.”
“Yeah, Yeah. Wonder where he came from?”
“Rrrrribitt.” Said the frog, then he hunched around and hopped down the tunnel.
“Hum,” Dave, trying to lighten the mood, said. “Wonder if that’s the ghost of Wheeler’s frog?”
“Not funny, Dave. Don’t need any ghostly references when we’re stuck under a mountain.”
“Yeah, you’re right. Sorry G.”
“Rrrribit.”
“What the hell? Another frog?” Dave swung his light back toward the sound and sure enough there was a frog sitting about where the first one had been. In the pool of Dave’s light he hunched around and hopped up the tunnel like the first one had.
“Maybe we oughta follow him. Got to be water where ever he’s going and I could use a drink.” Dave said following the frog with his light.
“Probably nasty water, all full of muck and frog poop.”
“Yeah. Probably.”
We squatted down to further consider our situation and decide what, if anything, could be done about it.
“Rrrribit.”
Dave turned the light. “He’s back.”
“Yeah.”  It had occurred to me that Dave’s joke might not have been so far from the truth. What if this was Marcus Twain’s ghost frog? And was he trying to get us to follow him? And if so, to what end? I remembered Rio Rita, the ghostly daughter of Tiburcio Vasquez that had tried to lure us into whatever hell it was where Tiburcio was, and I thought maybe the same thing was happening with froggie. But then again…
Dave and I sat there for a while then he said, “This flash light ain’t gonna last forever. Maybe I oughta turn it off. Save the battery.”
“Yeah, do that.”
He flipped the switch and dark like thick tar engulfed us. I literally could not see my hand in front of my face. You never really know how dark dark is until you are completely cut off from light. “You alright Dave?”
“Don’t know, I can’t tell. Too dark.”
“Rrrribit.”
I turned toward the sound, and a chill ran up my back. The frog was glowing. Phosphorescent.
“You see that, Dave?”
“You mean the shining frog?” There was a little twist in his voice.
“I think he really is the ghost frog, and I think maybe he wants us to follow him.”
“I don’t know G. Last time we followed any one we almost wound up…”
“I was just thinking the same thing, but what the hell? Right?”
“Yeah, yeah.” He switched on the flash light and picked up a loose piece of rock. I thought he was gonna chuck it at the frog, but he stood up rubbed it against the wall where it left a mark, almost like chalk. “We’ll follow him, but we’ll keep marking the way so that if we come to another impasse or a big hole we can’t get around we can find our way back here.”
“If the light holds out,” I said, remembering the black so thick you could chew it.
“Yeah, if the light holds out.”
We looked toward where the frog had been and started walking. Not boldly, but still.
After a few steps we still hadn’t laid eyes on froggie again, but then we heard “Rrrribbet” and kept moving ahead.
“How far we gonna go with this? How far were we from town?”
“Maybe ten miles, but that was around the mountain. If this shaft runs straight it could be only a couple of miles.”
“If we manage to keep going straight and froggie isn’t out to lead us around in circles till we die of thirst or whatever.”
“Yeah.”
We kept going and Dave kept scratching the wall ever few steps. The light held steady but after a while it was beginning to get a little dimmer.
Then we came to a divide. Up until then the shaft had been pretty straight and our marks were easy to see but now, “OK, G. Which way?”
        “Well, if Froggie is leading us, he oughta say something.”
        But he didn’t. We waited for his Rrrrbbet, but it didn’t come.
        “Uh Oh,” Dave said.
        “Uh Oh.” I echoed.
        Dave flashed the light up first one tunnel and then the other but there was nothing to see.
        “Save the light.” I said. “We’ll start heading back in a little bit.”
        Dave switched off the light and dark poured in. I hunkered down and I guess Dave did too. After minute or two he said, “Am I going crazy or you see a light up that way?”
        I couldn’t see him if he was pointing. “Which way?”
        “Right branch.”
        I turned my head back and forth and I thought I saw a small glow. “Might be, but it could just be my imagination.”
        “Or that damn frog playing hide and seek.” He switched on the light again. “Let’s go see.”  He took a step up the passage and stopped long enough to make a mark on the wall. I followed.
        After a few steps the light was more distinct, and I heard music, like from an old Juke Box. “Jeremiah was a bull frog. Was a good friend of mine.  Never understood a single word he said, but I helped him drink his wine,”
        “Joy to the world!” I said.
        “Yeah.”
        Another fifty yards brought us to the end of the tunnel where there was a four by eight sheet of ply wood blocking the hole. It wasn’t doing much of a job because light and music was leaking in around it. We pushed on it but it didn’t give so we knocked and hollered and waited. When the song was over we knocked and hollered again but no one answered. “Bust it down?”
I nodded and we drew back and hit that ply wood with all we had. It moved some but didn’t open, so we hit it again and it popped open to show us a basement type room, but one with some pretty large windows. Bright sunlight was pouring through them.
        “How long were we down there Dave?”
        He shrugged. “Felt like a couple of hours.”
        “Had to be longer. That’s daylight.”
        We looked around and found a stair case going up to where the music was coming from. Dave gestured for me to go ahead and I did.
        The door led to a bar room that might have been the Majestic, but I didn’t recognize the bar tender. This one was a younger fellow with a moustache and he looked only a little astonished to find strangers coming out of his basement. “Who are you?” he asked.
        We introduced ourselves and told him how we had come to be in his basement. He nodded and went to his telephone, dialed and said, “Call off the search party, Ed. They wandered out into my basement.” He paused to listen then said, “Yeah, I’ll tell ‘em.” Then he hung up.
        “Search and rescue is a little miffed at you,” he said. “Got the whole town out digging. And here you are.”
        Dave and I both shrugged. “Blame it on the frog.”

THE END
