They were going at it like bulldozers in heat.
The only hole they weren’t putting it in was the 18th hole at Pebble Beach Golf Course. A crack of lightning illuminated the room. Not young. Not old. His abs were tight. Her boobs were perky. If they had not been so horn dog for each other’s forms, they might have sensed that a monster was heading their way.
At first glance, he was not all Friday The 13th. He was just some tired, middle age Joe, hair plastered against his forehead, shoulders hunched in a thin jacket as he was peppered by the rain that was turning the cul de sac into a river.
He stared off into the distance at the house where the erotic dance was going on. He was getting a boner just thinking about it. But it was a hard steel machete and not his junk that was standing at attention.
The man in the rain sloshed forward.
The couple in the sack seemed destined for a new land speed record. All grunts, groans and slurping sound that could have been coming from anywhere. They were still oblivious to anything except the question of how much bodily fluid they could exchange. Consequently they went about their business to the accompaniment of a loud sickening crack as something out of the ordinary occurred. The mystery slasher with the big blade kicked in their front door and shambled inside.
The killer seemed to know the lay of the land. He went straight to the living room where the television was on, spitting static. The thing with the big knife bent down and turned it off. He reached down over the back of the couch and stroked the fur of a sleeping cat. The cat came awake and looked up. It meowed and then went back to sleep.
He had always liked that cat.
Suddenly the house rocked with almost animal like moans of ecstacy. It was easily decibels louder than the competing storm. It was loud enough for the killer to turn and look up the stairs to the second floor.
He now knew where the action was. He mounted the stairs, reached the landing and then he walked all the way down the hall.
The cries of unadulterated lust rang ever closer in his ears and with good reason. Inside the bedroom, the couple was, sexually, rounding third base and heading for home when suddenly their coitus was interrupted by a dark shadow falling across their faces. They looked up and immediately knew it was time to kiss their muscular asses goodbye.
The machete cleaved the air, slicing into body parts that fell from their torsos as blood gushed against the walls. It was vintage B movie to the last drop and the final scream.
The bedroom door burst open.
He entered and looked surprised at the carnage spread out in front of him. It looked like his handiwork. But somebody had beaten him to it. His eyes traveled across the slaughterhouse tableau. He had to give whoever did this credit. There was a definite attention to detail. The person who had beaten him to the punch was good.
The killer’s gaze stopped at a closet whose door was slightly ajar. He walked over and , with one hand on the knob and the other tense and ready with his blade, he swung it aside, revealing a toe headed ten-year old boy. His weapon of mass destruction was a machete similar to his that hung limply in his own hand. Blood splattered his face, T shirt and jeans.
The pair stared at each other in silence. It was the classic example of actions speaking louder than words. But after what seemed like an eternity, the words finally came.
“Dad I’m sorry. But mom was doing the nasty with Uncle Fred.”
The man’s eyes welled up. It could have been the rain. Or it could have been tears. It was actually betrayal in all its emotional and mental manifestations.
“I didn’t think that was right,” the boy stammered. “Are you mad?”
The horror and anguish settled into understanding. A wane smile crossed his face.
“Of course not son.”
The boy rushed into his father’s arms. They held each other tight. There was love in that embrace, a love that all the blood and guts and betrayal could not destroy.
“I love you dad,” said the boy, his faced pressed tightly into his father’s chest,
“I love you son.”
The machetes fell from their grasp.