       I almost pulled back when Danny didn’t struggle.  I expected him to at least fight for his life, and when he didn’t I almost pulled the pillow off his face.  “Maybe I’m wrong,” I thought.  “Maybe he really is sick, not just trying to get even for being born.”
     But even as I thought it and began to lift the pillow, I knew I hadn’t been wrong so I pressed harder.  Twenty full minutes I held the pillow tight down.  My arms shook and my neck and shoulders ached from the strain, but when I took the pillow off his face and held my ear to his mouth, I heard nothing.  No sound of breath.  No feeling of warm exhalation.  Danny was dead.  Five years old.  My son was dead.

     I was there in the delivery room holding Molly’s hand, helping her push when Danny was born.  She was so excited!  Glowing with birth aura so bright and warm, it was like shimmering fireplace coals.  Tiny perspiration beads hung on her forehead and rimmed her mouth.  Her red-blond hair was stringy with dampness.  And she was beautiful!  Dear God she was beautiful!  Even lying on the birthing table with her legs up in the stirrups and pain pinching her features she was beautiful -- and I loved her.  I loved her.  She was the only thing in the world that mattered to me.
 “Oh Ed-- He’s coming,” she said.  Her voice was breathy, panting, edged with pain and a little fear.  “He’s coming now.  I can feel him Eddie.  Now -- Nowwww!”
     I felt the pain, but not enough of it.  I begged God to let  some of her pain spill over onto me so she wouldn’t have to hurt so much.  I wanted to make it easier for her.
     “There we go,” the doctor said.  “Crowning. . .Ready to push again Mrs. Pierce?”
     Molly nodded, short, and jerky.  She hurt too much to speak.
    I was at her head, ready to lift her shoulders for the final push.
     “All right. . .” the doctor said.  “One, two, three -- Push!”
     I lifted Molly’s shoulders and she bore down.
     “Head’s clear. . . .Pushpushpush. . . .Push again!”
     “I can’t. . . “ she gasped.  “I. . .Can’t!”  Panic was settling into her voice.  She screamed and struggled to push the baby out, but I could see in the mirror above her legs that the baby did not want to be born.  He pulled his head down on his spindly neck, trying to pull back into the womb.
     “Shoulders are caught,”  the doctor said.  The excitement was gone from him now.  Flat efficiency took its place.  Something was wrong.
      I watched as his latex sheathed hands slowly eased into Molly’s birth canal on each side of the child’s head.  There was blood -- more than there should have been.  Too much.
     A nurse injected something into the tube running from an IV bottle into Molly’s arm.
     The baby’s head began to rotate as the doctor turned the shoulders.  Like turning a cork in a bottle.  “Now!  Push! Bear down!” he barked.
     The baby was screaming even as the shoulders passed the opening.  His hands clutched as they passed and when the doctor laid him on Molly’s stomach for a moment he clawed feebly with his soft fingernails, as though trying to open Molly’s flesh and climb back inside.
     The after-birth came in a flood of shocking red.  The doctor began packing gauze sponges into Molly.  “Take him out of here,” he said, not looking up.
     “No!  I want to stay.  I want to. . .”
     “You need to leave Mr. Pierce,” the nurse said, pulling gently at my arm.  “There is nothing you can do now.  Let the doctor work.”
     I breathed in the stench of birth and my stomach turned.  The nurse led me out to a waiting room at the end of the yellow hall.  I sat in an uncomfortable tube and vinyl chair and worried and sweated and prayed.
     Danny had tried to take the only thing in the world I cared about even as he was coming into it.

     Molly was never the same after Danny was born.  She used to be bright, cheery, and never worried.  She would smile at trouble and tell me not to worry.  Everything would be all right.  However, after Danny came she worried all the time.  Her face changed from round, sweet, and healthy to drawn, lined hollowness.  Deep slashes like cuts that bled black appeared between her eyes and they never smoothed away, even when she slept.  She was haunted and the haunting was between us like insulating plastic.  Impermeable and cold, but clammy when you leaned against it for a time.  Danny was always there between us, even when he was in another part of the house.  Molly could never put him out of her mind.  When we made love, I could see that her thoughts were not with me.  They were with Danny, in his crib, lying beside him like a lover.  She would struggle to be with me sometimes, but even as she began to win, to lose touch with him for a moment of passion with me, a sudden look of disgusted guilt would pass over her face and our sharing would end.  There would be no more quiet moments of warm holding and soft words.  The instant she was free of me she would rush to him.
     We fought then.  Not like before Danny was born.  Then our disagreements were short and quiet.  Now they became shrieking battles that neither of us wanted, but both of us were powerless to stop.  They always ended with Molly running to the baby.  Always.
     No -- not running.  Being pulled as though some umbilicus was being reeled in.
     I felt guilty too.  I thought perhaps this feeling of resentment was my means of expressing Father Jealousy.  Perhaps I was demanding too much too soon, and if I backed off our lives would smooth out again, but as I demanded less, Danny demanded more.  And never from me; always from Molly.
     Always.
     Danny would not let me hold him or change his diaper of feed him.  If he cried at 2 AM, I would get up and prepare a bottle like Molly had instructed me.  I would try to change his diaper while the bottle heated, but he would not let me.  He would roll and kick and scream, even try to cover the diaper fasteners with his uncoordinated hands.  If I fought through the changing, he would refuse the bottle, clamping his jaws shut and pushing at the nipple until Molly would come and take over just to stop his screaming.
     I had only to put him into her arms for him to quiet.  Then he would turn in her arms and grin with a viciousness far too old for his tender age.

     Molly had become his body servant.  He did nothing for himself even as he grew big enough to do so.  Turning himself over, drinking from a cup, crawling, learning to use the toilet -- If Molly did not meet his demands instantly he would punish her with sadistic animality-- biting, kicking, clawing, and shrieking like a cougar over its prey.
     And through it all Molly forgot herself and devoted everything to the baby.
     I tried to reason with her, telling her she had to take some time for herself, but she would not listen.  She would forget to eat because each time she left Danny for an instant he would scream with rage.  He would even hurt himself by clawing at his eyes until his face bled when she left him even for a moment.
     She began to lose weight.  The lines between her eyes deepened and the tips of her cheekbones took on a bruised look from too much worry and not enough sleep,
     “This is no good Molly,” I told her.  “If you don’t start taking care of yourself you are going to get sick.”
     “I’m not sick.”  She insisted
      “Not now, but you will be if you don’t eat and sleep.  You have to let Danny take care of himself a little at least.  He is big enough to be left in a room alone for a little while.  You don’t need to carry him all the time.”
     “He’s too little.  He needs me.  I have to take care of him.”
     “He’s three years old!  He shouldn’t need you so much!  You shouldn’t have to be with him all the time!  He can help himself some.”
      “He’s too little!  He can’t!  He’s only a baby!”
     “He’s three years old!  Three-year-old children don’t need to be held all the time.  They don’t need so much that you don’t have time to eat or sleep!”
     She looked at me with pleading stubbornness and said, “I have to take care of him.”
     Danny began to cry in exact timing with her words.  It was as though he meant to emphasize what she said.  She turned and started to leave, going to him for the thousandth time that day.
     “Wait a minute!”  I grabbed her arm and spun her back then took a deep breath to stop my voice from shaking.  “I have made an appointment for you with Dr. Kurtz.  Maybe you’ll listen to him.”
     She clamped her teeth together and hissed, “You know I am not sick, and I can’t leave the baby.”
      “You Can!”  I shouted and grabbed her by both shoulders.  “And you will.  I have a sitter lined up.  You will be ready tomorrow afternoon!”
     But she wasn’t.
     She was sitting in the big chair as I came in, Danny on her lap.  Resistance flickered in her gray eyes.
     “You are going to the doctor,” I said.
     “I’m not sick.”
     “You’re going all the same.”  I took Danny from here.  She resisted only enough to make it clear I was not going to get my way.  I put the baby in his playpen and pulled Molly to her feet.  She didn’t resist much, but stood like a wooden doll; unyielding.  Resisting by not fighting but not cooperating either.
     I began stripping the dirty pants and blouse off her, shocked briefly at the frailness of her body.  The clothes were stiff with neglect and she smelled of dirt and sweat.
     I carried her to the shower and turned the water on.
     Danny had been quiet, watching us even when we left the room but when the water came on in the shower he began screaming and throwing toys out of his playpen.
     As the screaming began Molly’s resistance changed.  She began hitting me with her fists then she kicked and bit.  The water made her body slick and hard to hold.  I tried not to hurt her but she was doing her best to hurt me.  A few of her kicks landed very near my groin.  The last one came too close and I lost my temper.  I backhanded her across the face.
     Her head snapped back and around as though her neck was made of rubber.  Cold sickness coiled in my stomach.  My knuckles had cut her cheek just below her eye and the water mixed with the blood made the red trickle look like a cataract.  It scared me.  I thought I had really hurt her and I loosened my grip to look more carefully at her.
     That was all she needed.  She shoved me away and shot out of the shower, dripping wet and bleeding, and ran to the living room to Danny.  She took no notice of her nakedness or the open window shades displaying it to anyone who cared to look.  She could only see Danny.  She scooped him up, clutching him to her bare breast, and I knew I would never get him away from her again.  He smiled his evil taunting smile then and I hated him.

     Three months later I had, Molly admitted to a psychiatric hospital for observation.  It was not hard.  Two doctors took one look at her condition and listened to my explanation and they OK'ed it.  My guts turned over when the attendants took her, but the thought of separating her from Danny consoled me.
     Getting her away from the baby wasn’t easy.  I tricked them both by putting sleeping pills in Danny’s milk and in a glass of wine.  Putting the pills in Danny’s milk was the first time I thought of killing him.  Perhaps I should have then.  Perhaps Molly would be well now if only I had put a few more pills in the milk.
     When Danny was asleep, I begged and bullied Molly into drinking the wine I had prepared.  Before the baby was born, I could never have done that.  She would have fought back.  Now, the only thing she fought for or against were matters concerning Danny; if I tried to impose myself between her and my son.  But she had become so accustomed to Danny’s bullying that she didn’t think to resist me.  When she was asleep, I carried her to the car.  She was light.  More like a bundle of sticks than the living flesh and blood I had carried across the threshold of our house when we first married.
     I didn’t get a baby sitter for Danny even though I was going to be gone all night and most of the next day.  That was revenge.  I wanted Danny to suffer a little of the pain he had put Molly through.
     Danny should have died that night, or at least the next day.  He should have screamed himself to death.  I should have gone back and watched him starve, but I didn’t.  I couldn’t.  I still hoped he could change; that Molly and Danny and I could become a family.

     During Molly’s long months of treatment in the hospital Danny seemed to relax and adhere to the fact that I was the only one available to take care of him.  He tried, at first, to bully me with screaming and hurting himself and refusing to eat, but I didn’t give in.  He ate what I ate with his bottles cut to two a day.  He resisted but when he began screaming and beating his head against the frame of his playpen, I simply picked him up and paddled him, then put him in his bed.  Four or five paddlings and missed dinners was all it took to convince him that things were going to be different.  It would not always be his way, and it did not take long for him to become more complacent and agreeable.  Even the woman I hired to take care of him during the day noticed how much easier he was to take care of.
     He fooled me for a long time.  I even began thinking that when Molly came home from the hospital we could be normal now that I had taken charge.
     I was sitting in my chair half asleep in front of the TV when my illusions of normalcy shifted and cracked.  Danny was in his playpen quietly rustling through the toys that covered the floor of it.  Then he began to whisper “Daddy, Daddy, Daddy. . . .” chant like.  But this was not some game of pretend that only made sense to him.  He chanted to me and his chant had purpose.
     I opened my eyes and watched as he jabbed a Tinker-Toy stick into the face and belly of a doll he held clutched in his tiny hand.
     Then he looked into my eyes and smiled that same evil smile he had used on me so many times.  He used it when he forced Molly into serving him.  He used it when he came between my wife and me.  Always winning.  Always the victor.  He smiled and looked into my eyes as he jabbed and jabbed the doll.  And he chanted -- “Daddy, Daddy, Daddy,” punctuating each word with the jab.  The word and then the jab.  Constant, unrelenting, malevolent.
     I shouted, “Shut up!”, and lunged out of the chair toward him.
     Instantly he stopped the chant and the stabbing but the smile never flickered from his face.
     He continued jabbing his dolls, the first one having fallen apart from the constant thrusts of his Tinker-Toy sword.  I couldn’t believe he was doing it and really knowing what he was doing.  Toddlers do not harbor burning grudges do they?  But even as I thought it, I knew I was wrong.

     Molly got better.  She put on weight and stopped cringing or attacking me when I came to visit.  After six months of treatment, the doctors let me take her out for the afternoon.  We went on a picnic.  She was almost her old self.  She asked about Danny but there was not of the manic craving for him like before.
     “When can I come home?”  She asked.
     “Doctor says soon.  He thinks you’re doing great.”
     “I want to be home with you and Danny.”
      “I want you home Molly.  I can’t wait to have you home again.”  I took here in my arms and held her.  The warmth of her body against me was almost more than I could stand.  I wanted her terribly, but the doctor had cautioned me not to try to force her into anything so I backed off, aching.  I didn’t push, only enjoyed being in Molly’s presence in the cool shade under a clear sky.

     Molly’s homecoming was a day of joy such as I had not had since the day we married.  I carried Danny into the waiting room as I had been doing each Sunday for a month.  he had not attempted to re-establish his hold over Molly, but I was keenly aware of his malice toward me and it made me pause.  But then I repressed the apprehension, convincing myself it was just the old paranoia-- Father Jealousy -- of which I had been guilty before.  I placed Danny in her arms and stood away from them, letting them have a moment to themselves.
     I led Molly with Danny in her arms into our house.  It was spotless top to bottom.  There was not speck of dust or unshined surface anywhere.  Molly seemed almost sorry to see its cleanness.  She had thought to step back into our lives together at the same point she had left it, beginning with cleaning the house she had left in a wreck.
     Danny made no demands out of the ordinary.  He stayed quiet and easy to get along with.  Too much so.  I should have suspected something.  Angelic behavior with no demands?  I should have suspected.
     I think now that my mistake was in not recognizing his malice for me for what it was.  His hate was not singular.  It included Molly as well.  She had forced him out of her warm, humid womb and he had been taking revenge on her since that day.  His earlier attempts had been thwarted when I’d put Molly into the hospital.  Now he had to find other means.
     It wasn’t until I caught him staring at Molly with a malicious, speculative look far too old and evil for a four-year-old child that I realized things hadn’t changed, and when he stopped staring at her I knew he had found the means to carry out his vengeance.
     But I was too slow of mind to do anything about it, or perhaps it was just that I so wanted us to be a normal family that I blinded myself from what I knew to be true.

     “Ed I think Danny is sick,” Molly said when I came home from work.  It was four weeks after Molly’s homecoming.  “He’s hardly been awake all day, and he won’t eat anything.”
     “Does he have fever?”
     “No, I don’t think so.”
     I went to Danny’s room and felt his forehead and the back of his neck.  Both were cool and dry.  He didn’t move when I checked him.  He seemed stiff -- too stiff to be just sleeping. He didn’t answer when I talked to him, or stir when I shook him.
     “Is he all right?”  Molly whispered from the doorway.
     “I don’t know.  Maybe we’ll keep a close eye on him tonight.  If he isn’t better by morning we’ll let Doc Kurtz take a look at him.”
     But it didn’t take until morning.
     At 1 AM Danny screamed as though he were being torn apart.  When we reached him he was shivering, covered with sweat and burning with fever.  I wrapped him in a wool blanket and we rushed him to emergency.
     Two days later the doctors told up it was Spinal Meningitis.  We went over everything he had eaten, every place we had been, every person he had touched, but found no evidence of infection.  Molly and I both took tests, which came up negative for the disease.  Danny could not have contracted Spinal Meningitis, but he had.
     The treatment he received saved his life, but Danny was paralyzed.  Totally dependent.  He had his revenge.  It wasn’t complete yet, but it had begun and there was no turning it aside.
     I’m not sure what finally broke Molly.  Perhaps some deep secret feeling that Danny’s situation was her fault, or perhaps it was just the constant strain of nursing him.  The psychiatrists say they don’t know either, or maybe they just aren’t saying.  But after eight months of caring for Danny Molly filled the bathtub with warm water, locked the bathroom door, got in the tub and slashed her wrists.  The only reason she didn’t die was that I came home for lunch.  This was unusual for me, but that day had been a bad one at the office and I had a feeling, a burning at the center of my bowels that told me to go home.
     When I kicked in the bathroom door, it was almost too late.  The tub water was red as blood.  I pulled her out of the tub and wrapped adhesive tape and gauze tight around her wrists to staunch the trickle of her life, thinking how much I loved her and could not stand to lose her.  She was so thin. . .almost like before.  She had been giving everything to Danny.  Even her dignity.
     Just before the end Molly had begun taking Danny to every charlatan, she could find who claimed a miracle cure for him.  She would plead with them, beg them, give them money, and promise more if they would just heal her son.  But he never changed.  He always seemed asleep.  His revenge was to sleep and drain everything out of us.  Out of Molly.
     The doctors saved Molly’s life like they had saved Danny’s and I wish they had not.  Molly would not seem so lost to me if she were dead.  There is an acceptance in death.  If she were dead I could bury her and let her go.  Instead she is there, always.  Sitting in her room at the hospital.  She doesn’t talk of shift her eyes to see me when I walk into the room.  The attendants change her position every hour, wash, and feed her and I will never get her back from that place.
     At least Danny can’t hurt her anymore.  He’s dead.  I even held a mirror to his mouth to see if there was breath in him to cloud it, even a little.  It stayed clear for half an hour.  Now I can wait until morning and discover that he is dead.  No one will suspect me.  The doctors said he would die soon anyway.  Everyone knows it.  They will all be sad and give me their sympathy and condolences, and secretly they will think.  “Poor Ed.  He has had so much grief.  But it will be better now that Danny is finally gone.  And Danny is better off too.”
     Now if I can only sleep for a while. . . .

THE END