It hurt. It hurt like hell.
And it was a hurt that would not go away as Karen had discovered in the hours since the blister of pain had burst in her head.
“God!,” she moaned as she dropped the book she was having no luck reading and slammed her fists to the sides of her head. She held them tight to her temples, pressing hard against this migraine from hell. But the pain persisted, a blinding, pulsating raw rub that raged inside her skull.
Karen and headaches were not strangers. Too much coffee? Too much red meat? Bills? A full moon? She would get one at the drop of a hat. But this was more than the ‘take two aspirin and call me in the morning’ type of skull bucking. This felt like something much deeper. Something more deadly.
Her hands fell from her head and she buried her face in them, rocking back and forth as a low sob escaped her.
Karen left the living room couch and went to the kitchen. She turned on the tap and watched, glassy eyed, as water bubbled into a glass. Karen turned off the faucet and turned to the kitchen table where a lot of bottles from a lot of drug stores stood at attention. Karen picked up one as the pain continued to stab.
Take two tablets every six hours. Karen had taken two an hour ago and the pain was still buffeting her brain. She picked up another bottle of extra strength something. Take two every four hours. Do not mix with other medication.
Death by overdose couldn’t be any worse than this, winced Karen as she pried open the child proof cap and downed two, gulping convulsively as a particularly sharp throbbing rocked her world. Karen’s grip on the glass turned to steel, shattering it in a shower of glass that, luckily, did not draw blood.
Karen made a halfhearted swipe at the shards before grabbing up a dish towel and moving, very slowly and painfully, to the bathroom where she soaked it in cold water. A hot compress had not worked three hours ago. A cold one at the base of her neck just might.
She sat down on the toilet, her head pitched forward. After a moment there was a slight pleasurable numbness beneath the towel. This was promising. A razor blade slice across the inside of her skull, followed by thudding thunder, dashed her hopes,
Karen rose, staggered, and saved a nasty fall by grabbing onto the edge of the sink. It was the worst yet, a crushing beastly bite, like a demented earwig chowing down on her brain.
What had she done to deserve this?
Karen regained her balance, took a deep breath and walked back through the hallway. Past the bedroom door. Where Phil lay, sawing wood like a lumberjack laying waste a rainforest. A neck massage and a reminder that it was probably ‘a woman thing’. That was Phil’s answer for everything. I love you Phil but if this were truly ‘a woman thing,’ then I don’t know what is.
I’d run to the kitchen! I’d come back with a carving knife! I’d castrate you in your sleep, force feed you your balls and bury the bloody blade in your skull!
And there would not be a jury on the planet that would convict me. Karen smiled, sighed and blew her dozing hulk a kiss. I love you Phil. Pleasant dreams.
Karen moved gingerly on her brain wracked journey. She was dreading the next step. She took a deep breath and looked into her daughter Cheryl’s room. The pink ruffled curtains. Wall decorations that ran the gamut from Big Bird to Motley Crue. And finally her Teddy Bear. Biff. Tucked into the corner of the always well-made bed. It was too much.
Karen broke into an uncontrollable wave of sobs. The roaring fire in her head magnified as the tears came. Part of the anguish was the pain. Part of it was the realization that, in the sense that a mother loves a daughter, Cheryl was gone forever.
She turned away and returned to the living room where the memory of her daughter faded as the punching as the throbbing against the inside of her head increased. She paced. She sat. She hit her head against a wall. To no avail.
The sound of a car moving slowly down the street interrupted her agony. Karen went to the window and peered out the corner of a shade as something big and black on wheels pulled to the curb. A door on the driver’s side opened and a demon with greasy long hair, dressed in leather and chains, got out. It lurched to the passenger side of the car and, with an appendage seeming more claw than hand, snatched the door open and dragged Cheryl, her clothes torn to rags, out and roughly to the pavement.
Karen’s eyes grew wide. She bit her hand to stifle a scream. The pain in her head mushroomed. She blinked out the atrocity in front of her.
And opened her eyes to that nice young boy Jim opening the car door and helping her fully clothed daughter from a sensible American compact. Karen glanced instinctively at the clock on the mantle. Curfew was 11 p.m. The clock said 10:45.
The pain in her head dropped a perceptible notch.
Karen moved back into the shadows as Jim walked her daughter to the porch. Her pain suddenly returned as she blinked in the nightmare of the demon pawing at Cheryl’s breasts while savagely kissing her mouth. She blinked back the reality of Jim giving her daughter a peck on the cheek.
Karen’s pain went flatline.
She forced a smile as she started to back off into the bedroom. All the better not to get caught being a parent, when she heard the blasphemy coming innocently from Cheryl’s mouth.
“Next Friday? Yeah. That would be great.”
The pain inside Karen’s head jumped up and bit her one more time. It was a reminder that it would be back.
GIRL CONFESSES
I wanted to lose my virginity in the worst way. Bob was the worst way.
He was gone in sixty seconds.
Then the shit really hit the fan.
Three hours later, they found Bob in bed with his face smashed in. Once they wash off the blood, pick through the assorted bone fragments and dust for prints, they’re going to find my joy juice all over his body.
She gulped hard. A single tear began its journey across her cheek.
I didn’t kill Bob. But I wish I had.