It was that time. And James was regretting it.
Because it was not who he was.
James had long ago reconciled himself as a loner, preferring the company of nobody but himself. But as he glanced around his immaculate living room, the crowning glory of an otherwise Spartan, painfully nondescript apartment, he knew he was not alone. Floor to ceiling bookshelves were packed tight with the best in classic fiction, poetry and the intellectually deepest tomes on psychology and sociology. James was proud of the fact that the most recent edition to his library had been published in 1962.
Humming softly in the background this day was a moody Baroque Sonata; a daring move on his part as his tastes tended to run to the classics in the time honored world of strident and serious composers. And yes it was vinyl, the truest way to enjoy the masters. Finally, there was art, admittedly only prints. His Blue Boy hung in an elegant frame, glancing seemingly nonchalant at a crisp image of The Last Supper.
James had never been big on human contact and, as he grew into early adulthood, he would brag to the rapidly diminishing group of people in his life that he was the most interesting person he knew. Which was why, closing in rapidly on middle age, he was comfortable in his isolation and looking forward to an eternity of the same.
If it wasn’t for that damnable id.
He had read everything there was to read about the beast that lurked within. He had been sure that being totally asexual would be the barrier. But he had been wrong. From puberty onward, those lustful thoughts and dark desires that all males allegedly experienced would make regular visits.
At first James blunted the urges with lots of cold showers (yes, that did work) and thoughts of his mother and his dear Aunt Rose. However, by his early 20’s, the desire for all things carnal could not be denied. And so James, against his admittedly moral/religious code, would often take to his hand and, with the thoughts of Greek nudes swimming in his mental backwash, he managed to satiate the erotic.
James would continue to fight the good fight. But slowly and surely, the rising tide of the extreme urges for the hunt and the ravishing were winning the battle and driving him to the brink of insanity. And so, grudgingly, James began to take his id out for literal walks, holding his mental breath and fighting the psychological gorge as he forced himself to participate in what most would deem normal behavior.
Sadly, he realized that this night would be one of those nights.
He fished through the dark recesses of his bedroom closet until he found the offending clown suit. A shiny, tasteless shirt cut to the navel. Bell bottom pants set to a ridiculous flair at the ankles. Finally, those boots; four inch heels, pointed toes. He knew enough about the 70’s to recognize that this outfit was the ‘bee’s knees’ at the time. Now it was an anachronistic embarrassment. But it seemed to work.
James frowned deeply as he looked at himself in a full length mirror. He knew he looked the horror. But it was all he had to feed the unwanted guest that would regularly play havoc in his otherwise well mannered, isolated existence.
James was off into the night.
As luck would have it, James had found the ideal pool in which to dip his toes only a few blocks away. It was everything he loathed. But it fit his thriving libido even better for he never learned to drive. It was all the better to avoid any chance encounters with the outside world.
James stood in the dark outside the door to Easy Street. He was hesitant as he fought the urge and mentally attempted to shuffle back to the safety of his emotional womb. But he knew in his rumbling gut that once he had gotten this far, it was a losing battle. His hand reached out to the handle and turned it. The door to Easy Street swung sluggishly open.
James stepped inside, where the transformation began.
The flickering, garish lights. The tacky, relentless disco music coming at him from down the way. A female body brushing past him, tipsy and giggling. The vibe was having its way with him. His defeated slump and slouch suddenly bolted upright, becoming the ramrod straight visage of confidence and strong. The pained, wet dog look morphed into a smiling, arrogant leer that showed teeth. James turned and strode defiantly the cheesy bamboo curtain.
The James he truly despised was now in control and on the hunt.
Easy Street was in rare form. Men in tight ill-fitting clubwear, stomachs bulging out of shirts, over belts and achingly lurching toward their lower thighs, were sitting at tables, glasses of cheap liquor sloshing. James’ id-driven heterosexual side smirked in disgust. Antisocial James had to agree. If this was the best humanity had to offer, then he didn’t know what.
However, both sides of James had to acknowledge the fact that these losers had women draped all over them, leaning in close, exposing cleavage and thigh, hanging on every nonsensical bon mot as if the word of God was being presented on a platter amid the cacophony of bad dance music and headache inducing strobe lights.
James sighed. The women were suddenly looking his way. Outwardly he leered as they maneuvered their way into his space and began a slow and slutty bump and grind. The id in James immediately took the bait, thrusting his hips toward their pelvic areas while waving his arms wildly over his head and acting the fool.
Oh well, he thought. The quicker we get this over with, the sooner I can go home to a glass of sherry and a long, relaxing journey into Proust. So go at it.
James was getting up close with a particular woman. The pig in James assessed the goods. Tight ass. Nice rack. Somewhere between early and late 30’s. Long blonde hair. Could be real, could be fake. And the best thing of all? She gave slut a bad name. The drunken, glassy eyed smiling look on her face spoke volumes. Most of the gash in Easy Street had the word ‘Easy’ stamped on their foreheads. This trick had it up in lights. It was obvious she did not have a thought in her head.
James cringed as his worse half and this woman made their way to a dimly lit corner table. The talk was hideous in its banality. The garbage that was coming out of his mouth that he did not have the power to stop. Her drunken smile and her useless giggles. And oh my God! Where their hands were going!
This would not take long.
Okay, we’re on our feet. We’re laughing loud and stupid as we stagger off. I am very aroused. Oh, the shame. I don’t need a map to find the room, the last door on the left of the darkened hallway. It’s a wonder people don’t break their necks before they find the room. The place where quickies dwell.
Oh no! It’s too late! My monster self has lost all control! I’ve pulled up her skirt! Oh dear Lord! No underpants! There’s no time to recoil mentally from the horror. All I can do is think of a particularly vulgar passage from De Sade.
I’m in!
I take her!
Collapsing in a heap is always tough. My beast is satiated and back in his sleep. Leaving me mortified, spent and wanting to flee. So I do. Buttoning myself as I make my way through the club and into the entryway that brought me here and now will serve as my escape.
I feel the decompression coming on. The arrogance has melted away, leaving my loving passivity. I’m slightly stoopid heading for a slouch. Mentally I’m swimming in these trashy clothes. The thought of the hot hell between a woman’s legs is disappearing. Now there is the comfort of thoughts of good books, good music, good art, and the beckoning solitude.
Breathe in the air. The sound of nothing. A few more steps and I will have made my escape into, wait, what’s that sound?
It’s my id’s conquest. Not a sound from her but shuffling, uncertain footsteps that are closing the gap. She is upon me. Why does it always happen like this? My dark side gets off and I’m left holding the proverbial bag. What is it going to be this time? The sobbing? The “I was drunk and didn’t know what I was doing?” The forced attempt to shove her phone number into my hand with the plaintive hope that we can see each other again? Well, I’m waiting.
“I’m sorry. I don’t usually do this in a place like this. It’s just that sometimes, you know, my Libido kicks in and, well, it just wants what it wants and I’m powerless against it.
Well I was not expecting that. And away from the garishness of that dreadful place, she does kind of look fetching in a homespun Bronte sort of way. What? There’s more?
She’s a researcher in the subtleties of East European languages. Interesting. She likes a good Bordeau. Bordeau is a bit too urbane for my tastes but I can appreciate the effort. She likes Mahler, the softer side of Poe and Hemingway. Hmmm. Way too much information. But in another time and place, there might be an attraction. But this is now.
It’s been grand but I have to go. Now wait! Don’t get all weepy on me! You must understand that we are the victims of overwhelming urges. When those urges go away, we become who we are.
And who’s to say that’s all bad?
Clever, sharp as a tack this one. We could talk for hours and not have to touch. But now what? It’s been so long and I’ve been so utterly and happily alone. Wait! She said that just as I said it. A tremulous duet of wanting. Could this be Kismet?
She’s reaching out to me. I’m reaching out to her. What to say? What would have been proper and suitable in the old days of propriety? I know.
Would you like to see my etchings?