Fletcher Johnson had lived the life.
All the right connections. The dream job. Boatloads of money. A hot wife and two perfect children. And that’s all anybody remembered or talked about during the ceremony that ended with the perfect specimen being lowered into the ground.
On cue the mourners crossed themselves as the prim and proper holy man rattled off the good words and the casket disappeared from view and into the earth. All except for Arthur who extended his middle finger in the classic ‘up yours’ gesture before laying it to rest on his copy of the bible.
Arthur mentally crossed Fletcher Johnson off his list.
There had been a lot of funerals. A lot of good men and women had gone to their just rewards under Arthur’s tight smile and feeling of smug superiority. And the way he had lived his life, there would most certainly be a whole lot more.
Because getting even had long ago become his reason for living.
Admittedly Arthur was no prize. White trash, uneducated, more vices than you could shake a stick at. And those were his good qualities. But there was one thing that had gotten him through the dung heap of a life with his conscience clear.
Arthur was the ultimate victim.
Everybody who had so much as glanced at him as he wandered through his dead end jobs, doomed relationships and endless delusions had wronged him.
Somebody stole his woman. He was fired from his crap job by a fat corporate sack of shit just because he liked to take a toot in the morning and was a few minutes late punching the clock. Hell, there was even a fellow loser who refused to buy him a drink in a low life bar.
In Arthur’s head he had been fucked every which way but loose and none of it had set very well.
He would spend countless nights alone in his fleabag apartment, downing shots of Night Train, vowing revenge in some sordid way to everybody who had wronged him. And he had to admit that it was a list that seemed to grow longer every day.
If there was a God, he would live long enough to see everybody who had ever wronged him off to the big sleep. One night somebody showed up to take him up on his dream of getting the last laugh.
And it wasn’t God.
Scratch could see at first blush that Arthur was certifiable. He had dealt with this type with regularity throughout eternity. But the Prince Of Darkness was not above preying on the insane and delusional. If they could make an X or sign their name in drool, Scratch would snap them up.
Arthur was easy. He wasn’t asking for much. All he wanted was to be around long enough to see everybody who had wronged him go first. This would be an easy soul grab. He knew the Arthur story. He knew who had ‘allegedly’ done Arthur dirt. He also knew those who were innocent in the face of all of Arthur’s rants. Scratch did not care. Innocent or guilty, his part of the bargain would be to make sure they all went in a timely manner, and that Arthur would be the last man standing.
Arthur eagerly signed. He laughed as he scrawled, feeling in his own fevered brain, he had beaten Scratch at his own game. Because there were literally thousands, if not millions, of people that had screwed him over. He would live forever waiting for all the assholes in the world to kick.
Arthur never saw scratch again. But, as the years went by and everybody on his insane hit list began dropping like flies, he knew the Devil had been as good as his word. Some went quietly in their sleep. Others violently by misadventure, greed or just plain stupidity. There was no rhyme or reason to their demise.
Arthur’s life remained the bottomless pit it had always been. The only difference was that now he would check the obit page of the local newspaper on a daily basis. Some days there would be nothing. Some days he would recognize a familiar name and rejoice in his own head that another tormentor had gone to ground.
And when it came time for the funeral, Arthur was always there.
Arthur continued to age. His pallor had disintegrated with the years. His breathing was labored and there was the hint of a limp. A lifetime of unhealthy consumption had reduced his vital organs to bloat. In a normal situation he would have already been dead ten times over. But his deal had been ironclad and so he continued to hang in there as the body count of people who had wronged him grew ever higher.
Arthur smiled as the story of his crusade played out in his mind for the umpteenth time. Fletcher was now gone. He would return to his apartment, down a shot of Night Train to his latest triumph and sleep the sleep of the contented as he awaited the next day’s happy surprise.
Suddenly a hand reached out and grabbed him roughly by the collar. He turned and saw with his eyes only himself.
At least it looked like him. His old and wrinkled continence wrapped up in an old and wrinkled suit, his orbits worn down by life and booze. He was old like Arthur was old. It was like looking in a mirror. Arthur looked the man in the eyes. Paper thin superiority oozed from every pore and his smirk knew no bounds.
They faced off silently. It was your basic Gunfight At The OK Corral as portrayed by two losers as the shadow of the cemetery loomed up over them. The stranger muttered one word. 1982.
And put five rounds into Arthur’s body before putting the barrel to his own head and firing the sixth shot into his brain.
Scratch materialized amid the carnage and chuckled as he surveyed the damage. He had offered George the same deal as Arthur. But George’s list of people who had wronged him began and ended one night in 1982. George was in a hurry to get to the other side.
And so he chose to deal with his insanity in a more direct way.