
God! How he hated doing this shit!
Bob vented his frustration by banging his head twice on the steering wheel of a car so old it was new again. Not hard enough to do damage but hard enough to shock him back to reality. Reality driven home when his third head strike hit the horn.
Bob was a forty something actor. Too old for leading man roles. Too unusual looking, at least according to his last agent, for character parts. He couldn't buy a bit part in a direct to video slasher movie.
But Bob smiled. A cruel and ironic smile. Because Bob could moan and groan with the best of them.
And that was why he was here.
At midnight. In a gravel parking lot. Next to a dark, windowless hole in the wall of a bunker, nd on the wrong side of town.
He took the parking lot in twenty steps and found the building's only door around back. Bob looked down as he reached for the knob. A welcome mat stared back at him. Somebody's idea of a joke. Bob had to hand it to them. It was funny. He gingerly wiped off his feet and entered.
Down a long, deserted corridor. To a large circular alcove.
"Evening Jane."
To an elderly woman sitting behind a cluttered desk, her nose buried in The National Enquirer. She did not look up.
"Dubbing Stage 4. A one reeler. The Lusty Ninja," she droned in monotone.
Bob blew Jane a kiss, turned on his well -worn heels and shuffled off in the direction of Dubbing Stage 4, mulling the title of this gig over and over in his mind. And having a laugh at all the uptight third world countries who churn out this low grade porn like summer sausage and yet were so hung up on religion, their actors couldn't bring themselves to make the pleasure noises that accompanied their acts.
But hey! Who was he to complain? These mindless voiceover exercises were a quick and dirty way to pay the rent. And, he sighed, given his luck with women lately, The Lusty Ninja was probably the closest he was going to get to getting laid in this lifetime.
He rounded a corner just in time to see Fred, an over the hill Hippie who was in a seemingly perpetual state of bliss, walking into the projection booth with a can of film under his arm.
"Hey Fred. What's shakin'?"
"The leaves on the trees."
It was Fred's stock answer and it had long since ceased being funny. But Bob did not feel like raining all over Fred's karma and so he chuckled at the cliche one more time."You're going to love this one Bob. It's a period piece. Period piece. Get it?"
Bob got it.
"So, who's my voice babe tonight?"
"Don't know. Helen was supposed to do it but her agent called at the last minute with a legit gig."
Bob's insides turned green. Even his porn partners were getting decent jobs.
"Her replacement's inside. Jane says she got here a little while ago."
Fred disappeared into the projection booth as Bob started for the dubbing stage door. He hesitated, mentally masturbating with the mystery of who was on the other side. These looping actresses were inevitably stone foxes. Maybe he'd get a boner. Maybe he'd get lucky. Maybe.
He stepped through the door.
"Ann?"
His heart sank. Across the room, sitting on a stool, so did Ann's.
"Hello Bob," she said icily.
He crossed to the stool next to hers, picked up the headphones sitting on it and sat down uneasily next to her.
"I'm sorry about this," he stammered, not really sure that he was. "If I had known it was you I would have canceled."
Ann shifted her blue jeaned legs. Bob's eyes instinctively went from them to her to her white T shirt that was not leaving anything to the imagination. She said nothing. She's not making this easy. It was just like her.
"So," he said. "How's it been going?"
"Not too good. That's why I'm here."
Ouch! She could not have cut deeper if she had used a chainsaw. But wasn't it her wit, not to mention her body, her great personality, the way she balanced her checkbook and her body that had attracted him to her in the first place?
They should still be together today.
If only he had been more of a man.
They sat in silence for what seemed like eons. He making a big deal of adjusting his headphones. She was reading the trades. Bob's heart and brain beat a double drum solo. He was ready to bolt. But this was not a business that suffered fools and the lovelorn lightly.
I've got it! I can't read these lines! Time out for a rewrite. Yeah, sure. The absurdity of the thought broke a smile on his face. He glanced across at Ann. Her smile mirrored his and then quickly turned upside down and returned to the safety of Variety.
"Okay kiddies!," bellowed Fred from the projection booth. "This is pretty simple stuff. A few moans, some heavy breathing and a couple of 'yes oh yes' and we'll be home free."
They slipped on their headphones as the room lights faded to black. White light appeared against a screen on the far wall. The projector began its click clack and some scratchy leader film created instant abstract art. The Lusty Ninja title shimmered onto the screen and off in a wash of tacky optical effects.
A bright orange sun appeared on screen backed by some tiny Oriental muzak. Good no credits. No Johnny Wad, Sally Twat and all that other porn bullshit. This would be 'slam bam, thank you mam'. That's what Bob thought. What Ann thought, outlined next to him in the flickering light, was anybody's guess.
On screen a young Oriental girl ran into frame and away, fear on her face, head turning to that fear closing in. There were the sounds of hoofbeats as a ninja, dressed in full fighting getup, rides after her. He leaps from his horse and tackles the frightened girl. She fights him as he ravages her with kisses. Finally she relents.
"Oh! Mmmm! Oh!"
Ann was right on cue, admired Bob. What a pro.
Bob worked his mouth muscles in method warm up as the Ninja tore open her kimono and, of course, found her naked underneath. Bob started with some heavy labored breathing as the warrior tongued her silicone enhanced breasts and flat stomach. He was joined with low moans by Ann as the screen lover found that hot, wet spot between her legs.
"Oh my God!," roared Ann taking the lead. "Oh yes, yes!"
"Yeah," purred Bob, adding some unintelligible animal grunts for good measure.
Foreplay over. The Ninja disrobed, spreading his conquest's legs wide and sank the pink deep inside her. Ann marked the occasion with, "Yes! Oh yes! That feels sooo good!"
Ann was on a roll. Her expression said she was reading a laundry list. Her voice said she was in orgasm heaven.
"Yeah! Oh yeah! Uh! Uh! Uh!" rallied Bob as the action on the screen headed into the home stretch.
"Oh my God! You're so good," chimed in Ann with a straight face.
Their passionate looping reached climax in time to the final thrusts and shudders on the screen. The screen couple collapsed in a heap. Ann and Bob sat back, awaiting further instructions. The screen went momentarily dark. Fred's voice came jokingly through their headphones.
"Okay folks, it's time to get real hot and nasty. Groans, yells, pots banging. Just use your imagination."
Bob turned in the dark to where Ann was sitting. He was using his imagination. Remembering the good times.
The projector flashed back to life and into a three ring circus of lust. The stud and the hot babe were going balls deep on some pillows while two handmaids had a third one spread-eagled and were working a dildo in and out of her.
Bob and Ann were off and running.
"Oh! Ah! Yes! Oh give it to me! Oh yeah, you're so wet."
Their erotic tirades were rocketing in the darkened room. Bob found his enthusiasm growing at the insanity of it all. He was laughing to himself as he made coupling noises. What a joke. What a laugh.
Ann's hand crept into his.
His "oh yeah, oh God yeah" skipped an audible beat. His insides stopped laughing. This wasn't part of the drill. He looked in Ann's direction. Her eyes in the shifting light, were half close, a drop dead look that told a tale of their own. Ann's hand tightened in his.
"God! You feel so good inside me! Oh yes! Give me all you've got," he heard in her most sexual voice. This too sounded very real. Bob knew because he remembered when what had been between them had been that way. And the memory of that made him grow hard as he roared.
"Oh yeah! Does it feel good? You're so hot! I'm so hot! "
He meant every word of it.
"Uh! Uh! Yes! Yes!" Their passion count jumped a level, matching and eclipsing the seemingly puny efforts of the porn images to keep up. Bob and Ann eyed the screen in a hypnotic gaze, mentally getting each other off as the screen banging neared its climax.
"Yes! Yes," roared Ann as she shuddered a charge of orgasm that shot up Bob's arm and bucked his body. He was close but not there yet and he was convinced that he could get Ann off one more time. His hand dropped hers and found her thigh. He squeezed, moved his hand up and found her spreading dampness.
"My God!," exploded Ann in one final surge of ecstasy. Bob's loins responded with a jump and an explosion of their own. Just as the screen faded to black and the lights came up. They looked at each other, fighting for composure and breath as the sweat beaded on their brows.
"Have fun folks." It was Fred's best all knowing, understated voice in their ears.
Bob and Ann's hands instinctively moved to cover their damp areas. Embarrassment replaced satiated lust. But a longing look between them, shooting love daggers, quickly dispelled that feeling.
Fred had been around the porn racket long enough to see the signs. Voiceover types, especially those on the rebound, often got carried away with the heat of the moment and well, shit happened. And so he was cool as he watched the pair pulling their disheveled mental selves back together.
"One take and we're in the can. Thanks folks. The key's in the lobby. Lock up when you're finished. I'm out of here."
He quickly rewound the film and set it in motion again, turning down the lights as he slipped out the door. Fred loved playing Cupid.
"I can't believe we're doing this," Ann whispered as she wrapped her arms around Bob's neck. His hands trembled as he sought out her waist.
"Neither can I."
Their mouths found each other in an electric kiss that held as they slipped to the dubbing stage floor. Groping and thrashing in the shadows of The Lusty Ninja which was once again unspooling to their sex dance. Ann's mouth moved from Bob's lips to his neck, offering small pecking kisses. Bob's eyes glazed, an animal something eyeing her trim body. He pushed her advances away and ripped her shirt off, exposing taut firm breasts.
Ann's face reflected her own heat, picturing her former lover and now lover again caressing her nipples to the point of insanity and the first of many foreplay orgasms. Her face turned to concern when Bob ignored her obvious desires and, instead, unbuckled her jeans and tugged them savagely to her ankles. Her panties followed in shreds. Bob, in a primordial rage, forced her legs open. Ann's mind flashed fear and frustration as Bob attempted to thrust his angry beast into her.
Nothing had changed.
"Bob! Stop! Stop it now!"
His ardor came to a stumbling halt. He looked down at her and saw the disappointment in her eyes. His erection fell flat.
"You haven't changed," she half screamed, half sobbed. "You still don't know how to make love."
Bob's mind mentally backtracked. She was right. Never had, never would. He was selfish that way. His total lack of consideration had been a turn on when they first met. She got off on it, literally and figuratively. But when she discovered that was all he had to offer and, more importantly, was not willing to learn new tricks, Ann had left. And now, a year later, was she really expecting anything else?
They stared, one last sad moment. Ann pulled away and began putting her clothes back on.
"You pud pulling asshole! Don't you know anything?"
They froze. The attack had not been hers. Or his. But rather a smooth, reptilian wisp of ghostly air.
"Up here! On the screen!"
They turned to the porn film. Their mouths fell silently open.
The Lusty Ninja had ground to a freeze frame right in the middle of the orgy sequence with all the principles frozen in their coitus poses. Except for the Ninja, who now stood naked, hands on hips, in nightmarish relief. He looked out at them with a look of disgust and disappointment that easily surpassed Ann's.
"You cowboys just don't get it, do you?," the Ninja growled. "We lay it out for you all the time. It was in Debbie's Desires, The Red Garter Diaries. Hell it was even in Virgins Get Drunk And Disorderly. All you had to do was look!"
Bob rubbed his eyes. Ann continued her zombie stare. The Lusty Ninja took two giant steps out of the screen and onto the floor.
"We made love to our women in all of those films. L.O.V.E Love! We were serious about it. That's why part of us stays with the project when it's over. That's why I'm in your face. Sure we're all hung like horses but we got the gigs because we know how to please a woman."
He cast a particularly accusing eye at Bob.
"And what do you raincoat freaks do? You ignore us. Oh sure, you're out there in those sticky seats, playing pocket pool. But what do you do when you go home to your wives and girlfriends? You forget everything we've taught you and just pop your corks."
He turned to Ann, understanding replacing contempt. Then back to Bob.
"Get out your notebook chump! I'm going to show you what to do."
He stepped up and back into the frozen tableau. One arm reached out toward Ann. She was transfixed, a look of fear, confusion and that deadliest of emotions, curiosity, playing out across her face. She looked at Bob whose own face offered no answer. Her jeans once again fell to her ankles. She kicked them away. Ann took a hesitant step forward, then another. A third brought her to the Ninja's outstretched hand. She looked at Bob.
There was nothing to keep her in this world.
She put her hand in his, pulled back slightly and finally settled into the spectre's firm grip. She felt electric lightness lancing through her body. Ann looked down at the floor. Her feet were not touching.
Bob found his voice. It was a cry of anguish at the sight of Ann floating through space and into the screen. The air around Ann crackled and sparked as she left her world and entered his. Ann found herself in the middle of the throw pillows and the dildo wielding trio. She stood facing the strong, compassionate and, yes, manly features of the Ninja. She was not afraid.
Bob ran to the screen and banged on the flat, unyielding surface with his fists. Ann and her new suitor looked out at him. The Ninja turned to Bob, screen face to his real world face.
"This is how it's done."
The Ninja turned to Ann and pulled her close. Ann shuddered but did not fight him. For there was no threat or brutishness in his embrace. He kissed her full on the mouth, forcefully but with tenderness, his tongue entwining hers. Then to her neck where nips of love sent shivers up her spine. He moved to her breasts, showering attention on each, bringing her nipples to hardness.
"Oh yes!," moaned Ann. "That feels so good!" Her body spasmed as she climaxed slow and long.
Bob stood, his mind fogged, as Ann and the residue of this two-bit porn actor did the long, hard and nasty. There was fear. There was madness. But, when he finally laid his mental cards on the table, there was the reality, mixed with jealousy, that celluloid come to life was giving Ann something he never could.
Pure love and lust.
The spirit brought Ann gently to the pillows and, after a few cautionary nips at the insides of her thighs, probed her vagina with his tongue.
"Ohhh! God," she screamed as she came once again. "God! What are you doing to me!"
The porn ghost worked his way around her body, probing spots and emotions, working his magic. Almost as an afterthought he mounted her and, in a series of long, short and intermediate strokes, grew and exploded inside her. They lay together in exhausted silence. The Ninja turned to Bob.
"That's how it's done."
Ann rolled over, still in her lover's arms, at Bob. The smile told it all. Bob had to admit he had never been that good.
"Ann I can do those things," he pleaded, his face flush with the screen. "I've learned my lesson. I know what it takes. I can be the man you want."
"Just give me another chance."
Ann's expression softened. She looked from Bob to the Ninja laying next to her. He said nothing but rose, helping her to her feet.
"Please come back to me," whimpered Bob. "You won't be sorry."
"Maybe you won't be sorry," the Ninja boomed in. "Maybe you will. You can go back to this man or you can stay here with me."
Ann looked to Bob, to her new love and back again.
"Ann come out!," yelled Bob, bound and determined to not make her decision easy. "You know what it was like before. Well, imagine what it would be like now that I've learned how a real man loves. Please just give me one more chance."
Ann hesitated, swallowed deeply. She took a cautious step forward and then stopped. She looked back. The Ninja's look made it plain that the decision was hers. She stepped back.
"Ann I love you," pleaded Bob.
Ann took a step forward. The Ninja let go of her hand. She took another step and another. The air crackled and broke around her ankle as her foot sizzled back onto the dubbing stage floor.
Bob smiled. He had won.
"No!," yelled Ann as she stepped back into the film. "Yes! No! Yes! I don't know what to do!"
Bob cringed at her indecision and watched, helpless, as she stepped back and forth between the two worlds half a dozen times. Finally she moaned a low pitiful cry and collapsed at the feet of the Ninja.
"I love you!," wailed Bob, clearly on the verge of a breakdown. "I love you!"
The screen image began to flicker as the projector clicked once again into motion. The Ninja returned to his copulating country woman and the handmaidens were once again working their dildo. Ann's face suddenly grew to fill the screen. Sprocket marks and the graininess of the final few feet of film crisscrossed her tortured features. A crudely scrawled The End flashed briefly across her face.
"I love you Bob!," she cried. A cry cut short as the last few feet of film were gobbled up by the pick up reel.
Bob cried and stumbled in the darkness. He suddenly became logical in the face of the horror of it all. He raced to the projection booth, rewound the film and played it through. The porn film was just that. Missing was the footage of his lover in a multi-dimensional tryst. Bob watched the film a dozen more times.
Until he finally gave up and went home.
"It's that guy again,"the usher reported to the night manager of The Cat House Theater. "He's back again."
The manager followed the usher back into the darkened theater where about a dozen men sat scattered as The Lusty Ninja played out for the tenth time that day.
"The day guy told me he's been here since the theater opened at noon. He just sits there in the front row, looking up at the screen."
"Pretty much like it's been all week," responded the manager as they returned to the lobby. "He may be trouble. But there's been no complaints, no weenie wagging. Hey, you know it could be he's a normal Joe with a thing for Chink sex. Leave him be."
The usher shrugged his shoulders and swished the lobby door shut, plunging the theater once again into total darkness.
Down front. Center seat. Bob. Stubbled, wrinkled , bleary eyed. Looking straight up at the orgy scene playing out yet again. Once again he strained, hoping against hope that Ann was in there somewhere and that she had changed her mind and was ready to come back to him.
But the only bodies he saw humping and bumping were yellow.
He slouched back in his chair. Maybe the next showing. Or the next theater. Or the next town. He knew she would come back to him eventually. Because he had been taught a lesson in love, and now he knew what to do.